On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, several notable membership changes occurred. Daniel Boéri ended his membership with Priorité Monaco, while Jan Mužík also parted ways with the Tricolour Citizens' Movement. Conversely, Rose Modesto and José Luiz Datena both began their affiliations with the Brazil Union, marking a new chapter for the organization.
On January 1st, 2022, several notable events occurred in the world of politics and employment. Uwe Witt began his membership with the Centre Party of Germany, marking a new chapter in his political career. Meanwhile, Dina Boluarte ended her tenure at the National Registry of Identification and Civil Status, and Patrick Opdenhövel concluded his work at the Ministry Of Finance Of North Rhine-Westphalia. Additionally, Sergio Moro parted ways with Podemos in Brazil, bringing an end to his membership with the organization.
Sun, 2022-01-02: Multiple Athletes Part Ways with Their Respective TeamsOn Saturday, January 1st, 2022, several notable athletes ended their membership with their respective teams. Adam Waczyński is no longer a part of Basket Zaragoza, while Yeisy Soto has parted ways with Béziers Volley. Additionally, Jaime Fernández, the basketball player, is no longer a member of Baloncesto Málaga, and Marta Bach has ended her affiliation with CN Mataró, all of these changes taking effect on the same day.
On January 1st, 2022, several changes occurred in the basketball world. Alejandro Galán Pozo parted ways with Bilbao Basket, ending his membership with the team, while Álex Urtasun began a new chapter as a member of CB Estudiantes. Meanwhile, Angelika Stankiewicz ceased to be a part of Basket 25 Bydgoszcz. In collegiate basketball, Mason Forbes stopped competing in the NCAA Division I Men's Basketball league.
On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, several roster changes took place in the sports world. Kevin Pangos began his tenure as a member of the Cleveland Charge, marking a new chapter in his career. Meanwhile, Kevin Bercy parted ways with CB Almansa, ending his membership with the team. Kenny Hasbrouck also bid farewell to Pallacanestro Biella, concluding his time with the Italian squad. Additionally, Hilda Gustafsson ceased to be a member of Hylte/Halmstad VBK, bringing her stint with the Swedish volleyball team to a close.
On January 1st, 2022, several athletes marked the end of their affiliations with their respective teams. Hiromu Nakamura and Hanna Orthmann both parted ways with their organizations, with Nakamura ending his membership with the Osaka Evessa and Orthmann leaving Pallavolo Scandicci. Similarly, Yonkaira Peña ceased to be a member of the Rio de Janeiro Vôlei Clube. In the collegiate basketball scene, Ryan Rollins concluded his playing career in the Ncaa Division I Men's Basketball.
Wednesday, 2021-12-29: Upcoming New Year's Roster Changes As the calendar prepares to turn to 2022, several teams are bracing for significant roster shifts. On January 1st, 2022, Maximilian Holst will be ending his membership with HSG Wetzlar, while Luis Felipe Gruber will also be departing Ec União Corinthians. Conversely, Joey Baker is set to start his tenure with the Michigan Wolverines men's basketball team, and Ekpe Udoh will be joining the Shimane Susanoo Magic, both on the same day.
On January 1st, 2022, several roster changes took place in the sports world. Artūrs Žagars joined Basketball Löwen Braunschweig as a new member. Meanwhile, Earnest Ross parted ways with Yokohama Excellence, and Nima Rahizadeh ended his tenure with Sanaye Hormozgan BC. Timo Tammemaa also bid farewell to Resovia, a volleyball team, marking the end of his membership.
On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, several roster changes took place in the basketball world. Devon van Oostrum began his tenure as a member of Club Melilla Baloncesto. Meanwhile, Rolands Šmits parted ways with FC Barcelona Bàsquet, ending his membership with the team. Scott Blakney also ended his time with the Montana Grizzlies basketball team, and Marc García (basketball) ceased to be a member of CB San Pablo Burgos, all on the same day.
Sun, January 2nd, 2022: Sports Updates from YesterdayYesterday, Saturday, January 1st, 2022, saw several changes in team rosters. Tomáš Satoranský started his membership with the Washington Wizards. Meanwhile, Elin Larsson ended her membership with Rig Falköping, Emondre Rickman parted ways with Oberwart Gunners, and Nisre Zouzoua ceased to be a member of Alliance Sport Alsace.
On January 1st, 2022, several notable departures were announced. Frantz Massenat and Kelsey Robinson both ended their memberships with their respective teams, Niners Chemnitz and Toyota Auto Body Queenseis. Meanwhile, Taiga Kagitomi parted ways with the Bowdoin Polar Bears men's basketball team. In a separate development, Venla Hovi ceased working for the Okanagan Hockey Group, marking the end of her professional tenure with the organization.
On January 1st, 2022, several notable departures were announced. Shante Evans ended her membership with CB Avenida, while Pol Molins parted ways with Bàsquet Girona and Fabian White Jr. was no longer a member of the Houston Cougars men's basketball team. Meanwhile, Albert Cañellas ceased working for Club Joventut Badalona, marking the end of his tenure with the organization.
Several high-profile departures marked the start of the new year on January 1st, 2022. Nikoleta Perović and Kim Robitaille ended their memberships with Bandung Bjb Tandamata and Association Sportive Saint-Raphaël Volley-Ball, respectively, while Artem Pustovyi also parted ways with CB Gran Canaria. Meanwhile, in a separate development, Albert Cañellas ceased working for CB Prat, bringing an end to his professional tenure with the organization.
On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, several notable departures were announced. Miroslava Paskova ended her membership with Sigortashop Vk, while Margzetta Frazier parted ways with the UCLA Bruins women's gymnastics team. Similarly, Eddy Polanco ceased to be a member of CB Almansa. In the world of college athletics, Fabian White Jr. concluded his playing career in the Ncaa Division I Men's Basketball league.
On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, several roster changes took place in the sports world. Sinead Jack and Alexa Gray parted ways with their respective teams, Megavolley and Unet E-Work Busto Arsizio, marking the end of their membership. Similarly, Sofija Medić ended her tenure with Žok Ub. Conversely, Tomasz Gielo embarked on a new journey, starting his membership with Peristeri B. C. on the same day.
On January 1st, 2022, several roster changes took place in the sports world. Olafr Schmidt began his tenure as a member of Ehc Bayreuth, while Akito Uchida parted ways with Kyoto Hannaryz, ending his membership with the team. Meanwhile, Zaid Hearst started his membership with Básquet Coruña, and Aleksandra Rosiak's time as a member of ESBF Besançon came to a close.
Friday, 2021-12-31: New Year's Eve Precedes Major Roster Changes Lora Kitipova is set to leave Sk Prometej, while Isaiah Manderson will be joining KB Rahoveci, both changes taking effect on January 1st, 2022. Additionally, Julia Nilsson's tenure with Ti-Volley and Erika Mercado's time with Aris Thessaloniki Women's Volleyball are both coming to an end on the same day.
On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, several athletes marked the end of their affiliations with various teams and organizations. Artsiom Parakhouski and Anson Thornton, as well as Elisa Lohmann, all parted ways with their respective teams, with Parakhouski leaving BC Parma, Thornton departing from the Sarnia Sting, and Lohmann ending her membership with Vfb 91 Suhl. Meanwhile, Josh Minott ceased playing in the Ncaa Division I Men's Basketball league, bringing an end to his time in the top-tier collegiate basketball structure.
On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, several roster changes took place in the sports world. Collin Sexton parted ways with the Cleveland Cavaliers, marking the end of his membership with the team. Meanwhile, Tatjana Brnović began her tenure with RK Krim, starting her membership with the organization on the same day. Elsewhere, Marvin Ogunsipe's time with FC Bayern Munich's basketball team came to a close, as he ended his membership with the club, also on January 1st, 2022. Additionally, George Papas ended his membership with the Monmouth Hawks men's basketball team, bringing his tenure with the team to a close on Saturday, January 1st, 2022.
On January 1st, 2022, several changes occurred in the sports world. Jabari Walker's tenure in the Ncaa Division I Men's Basketball came to an end. Meanwhile, Zoran Nikolić's membership with KK Budućnost and Amadou Sidibé's membership with Tours Métropole Basket also concluded. In a separate development, Tristin Walley began his membership with MBC Mykolaiv, marking a new chapter in his career.
Friday, December 31st, 2021: New Year's Eve Preceded by String of High-Profile Departures On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, multiple athletes will be parting ways with their respective teams, marking a significant shift in the sports landscape. Vetle Eck Aga will be ending membership with IK Sävehof, while Deborah Acquah will no longer be a member of the Texas A&M Aggies. Additionally, Rudy Gobert will be leaving the Utah Jazz. Da' Monte Williams will also cease to play in the NCAA Division I Men's Basketball structure.
On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, several roster changes took place in the volleyball world. Nika Daalderop and Emily Maglio both parted ways with their respective teams, with Daalderop ending her membership with AGIL Volley and Maglio leaving Nilüfer Belediyespor's women's volleyball team. Olesia Rykhliuk also ended her time with Kuzeyboru Gsk on the same day. Meanwhile, Sergio Mendiola embarked on a new journey, starting his membership with Iraurgi SB, marking a fresh beginning for the player.
On January 1st, 2022, several athletes marked the beginning of the new year with significant career changes. Carlos Suárez, the basketball player, ended his membership with Baloncesto Málaga, while Nasya Dimitrova parted ways with Sk Prometej. Meanwhile, Kellan Grady's time playing in the Ncaa Division I Men's Basketball came to a close. Additionally, Marie Schölzel ceased to be a member of Volley Bergamo 1991, all on the same day, Saturday, January 1st, 2022.
On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, several roster changes took place in the sports world. Nathan Cayo parted ways with the Montreal Alliance, while Tomasz Gielo ended his tenure with S. Oliver Würzburg. Similarly, Kara Bajema's time with Klub Sportowy Developres Rzeszów came to a close. Conversely, Obie Trotter embarked on a new journey, joining BK Patrioti Levice as a member on the same day.
On January 1st, 2022, several roster changes took place in the sports world. Dylan Ennis parted ways with CB Gran Canaria, while Astride N' Gouan's tenure with Metz Handball came to an end. Colton Iverson also bid farewell to the Akita Northern Happinets. Conversely, Gerel Simmons embarked on a new journey, joining Apollon Patras B. C. as a member, marking a fresh start for the athlete.
On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, several roster changes took place in the sports world. Martina Šamadan parted ways with Haok Mladost, ending her membership with the organization. Meanwhile, Tomáš Satoranský began a new chapter as he started his membership with the San Antonio Spurs. Cameron Krutwig also bid farewell to his former team, ending his time with the Antwerp Giants. Additionally, Devin Schmidt's tenure with Cáceres Ciudad del Baloncesto came to a close, as he ended his membership with the team on the same day.
Sunday, 2021-12-26: Looking Ahead to New Year's Changes On January 1st, 2022, several roster changes are expected to take place. Samuel Rodríguez Ramos will no longer be a member of Cb Cartagena, while Doug Edert's time with the Saint Peter's Peacocks men's basketball team will also come to an end. Similarly, Vicky Savard will be leaving Terville Florange Olympique Club. Conversely, Andrew Robinson is set to start his membership with Tryhoop Okayama, marking a new beginning for the athlete.
On January 1st, 2022, several roster changes took place in the sports world. Kenshin Urabe parted ways with Aisin Areions, marking the end of his membership with the team. Meanwhile, Ben Vander Plas began his tenure with the Virginia Cavaliers men's basketball team. Elsewhere, Dominez Burnett's time with JA Vichy-Clermont Métropole Basket came to a close, and Michaela Mlejnková also ended her stint with Volero Le Cannet, both of whom ceased to be members of their respective teams on the same day.
On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, several roster changes took place in the sports world. Satoshi Tsuiki and Marko Todorović ended their memberships with United Volleys Frankfurt and Beijing Royal Fighters, respectively, marking the end of their tenures with the organizations. Similarly, Tyson Pérez parted ways with BC Andorra. Conversely, Reggie Upshaw embarked on a new journey, starting his membership with the Wellington Saints on the same day, January 1st, 2022.
On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, several athletes marked the beginning of the new year by parting ways with their respective teams. Gerel Simmons ended her membership with Fundación Lucentum Baloncesto, while Ilka Van de Vyver bid farewell to Allianz MTV Stuttgart. Meanwhile, Ægir Steinarsson and Saulius Kulvietis also moved on from Gipuzkoa Basket and Telekom Baskets Bonn, respectively, as all four athletes closed a chapter in their careers on the same day.
Thursday, December 30, 2021: Upcoming New Year's Day Sports Roster ChangesAs the world prepares to ring in the new year, several athletes are set to undergo significant changes in their team affiliations. On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, Anna Hall, a volleyball player, will be ending her membership with Aydın Büyükşehir Belediyespor, while Sergi García, a basketball player, will be leaving CB Gran Canaria. In contrast, Worth Smith will be starting a new chapter as a member of the Shiga Lakes. Meanwhile, David Roddy will be concluding his time playing in the Ncaa Division I Men's Basketball league, marking a significant shift in his athletic career.
On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, several roster changes took place in the sports world. Adrià Domenech parted ways with Club Joventut Badalona, marking the end of his membership with the team. Meanwhile, Jennifer Cross began her tenure with Cs Rapid București, officially starting her membership on the same day. Hannah Miller's time with Djurgårdens IF Hockey came to a close, as she ended her membership with the women's team. Ezekiel Alley also bid farewell to his team, ending his membership with the Portland State Vikings men's basketball squad, all on New Year's Day, 2022.
On January 1st, 2022, several roster changes took place in the sports world. Emondre Rickman joined the Montreal Alliance, marking the beginning of his tenure with the team. Meanwhile, Andy Rautins started his membership with AEK B.C. on the same day. In other news, Charlie Moore's time with the Miami Hurricanes men's basketball team came to an end, as he was no longer a member of the organization as of January 1st, 2022. Additionally, an unnamed individual parted ways with SKA Minsk, ending their membership on the same day, Saturday, January 1st, 2022.
On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, several notable individuals parted ways with their respective organizations. David Marek's tenure with the Weber State Wildcats came to an end, as he no longer works for the team. Meanwhile, Malik Dime and Sára Kovářová also ended their memberships, with Dime leaving Guerino Vanoli Basket and Kovářová departing from Kastamonu Bld. GSK, a women's handball team. Additionally, Przemek Karnowski is no longer a member of Twarde Pierniki Toruń, marking a new chapter for the athlete.
On January 1st, 2022, several roster changes took place in the sports world. Mija Šiftar's tenure with Calcit Volley's women's team came to an end, as she was no longer a member of the organization. Meanwhile, Aj Bramah embarked on a new journey, starting his membership with Indios de San Francisco de Macorís. Veronika Dostálová also parted ways with her former team, VK Dukla Liberec, marking the end of her membership. Additionally, Paola Egonu's time with Imoco Volley drew to a close, as she ended her membership with the team, all on the same day.
Several high-profile athletes parted ways with their respective teams on January 1st, 2022. Macris Carneiro ended her membership with Minas Tênis Clube's women's volleyball team, while Jan Závora ceased to be a member of HC Slovan Ústečtí Lvi. Meanwhile, Alberto Cisolla's tenure with Atlantide Pallavolo Brescia came to a close, and Ioannis Dimakopoulos, the basketball player, was no longer a member of CB Almansa, all on the same day.
On January 1st, 2022, several notable roster changes took place in the sports world. Xavi Rey parted ways with CB Peñas Huesca, marking the end of his membership with the team. Similarly, Maya Bordas and Yaneirys Rodríguez also ended their affiliations, with Bordas leaving California Golden Bears Women's Gymnastics and Rodríguez departing from Mirador Volleyball. In contrast, Sparkle Taylor embarked on a new journey, starting her membership with the Chicago Sky, a significant addition to the team's roster.
On January 1st, 2022, several notable departures were announced. Conor Morgan ended his membership with BC Andorra, while Rafa Martínez and Gerard Sevillano also parted ways with their respective teams, Bàsquet Manresa and Bàsquet Girona. Meanwhile, Reetu Kulhua ceased working for Ilves Naiset, marking a new beginning for the individual and the organization.
Thu, 2021-12-30: Upcoming New Year's Roster Changes As the world prepares to ring in the new year, several teams are gearing up for roster changes set to take place on Sat, 2022-01-01. Giordan Watson will no longer be a member of U-BT Cluj-Napoca, while Natalia Tomić is also ending her tenure with Haok Mladost. Meanwhile, Joey van Zegeren will be leaving Fundación Lucentum Baloncesto. In contrast, Tshilidzi Nephawe is slated to start a new chapter as a member of Kyoto Hannaryz.
In recent weeks, several notable athletes have made significant changes to their team affiliations. Varvara Milonaki parted ways with Panathinaikos women's basketball on June 10th, 2022, marking the end of her membership with the team. Meanwhile, Bogdana Anisowa ended her tenure with Al Ahly men's volleyball on June 23rd, 2022. Leonidas Kaselakis also bid farewell to Panathinaikos B.C. on June 27th, 2022. In contrast, Elijah Burns began a new chapter with Kagoshima Rebnise on June 30th, 2022, as he started his membership with the team.
Monday, July 11th, 2022: Recent Updates in Sports AffiliationsSofija Medić recently joined Panathinaikos women's volleyball as a member, starting on July 5th, 2022. Meanwhile, several changes have occurred at Panathinaikos B. C., with Nemanja Nedović ending his membership on July 6th, 2022, followed by Daryl Macon, who parted ways on July 8th, 2022. Another notable departure from the team is Ioannis Papapetrou, whose membership ended on July 15th, 2022.
Andrew Benintendi's tenure with the Kansas City Royals came to an end on Thursday, July 28th, 2022. Meanwhile, Elena Becheva joined Roleski Grupa Azoty Pwsz Tarnów as a new member on Wednesday, August 31st, 2022. Just a day later, Bligh Madris parted ways with the Pittsburgh Pirates on Thursday, September 1st, 2022. Later that month, Luka Maros became a member of the Switzerland men's national handball team on September 18th, 2022.
On January 1st, 2022, several notable individuals marked significant career milestones. Anton Zeilinger ended his tenure at the Austrian Academy of Sciences, while Philippe Contamine concluded his membership with the prestigious Académie des Inscriptions et Belles-Lettres. Conversely, Ivette Perfecto and Dominika Latusek-Jurczak embarked on new affiliations, with Perfecto joining the National Academy of Sciences and Latusek-Jurczak becoming a member of the Global Young Academy.
Notable figures have recently parted ways with esteemed organizations, marking significant changes in their professional and membership affiliations. Bernard Bigot ceased to be a member of the French Academy of Technologies as of May 14, 2022. Meanwhile, Yi Yang's tenure at the Chinese Academy Of Medical Sciences came to an end on June 1st, 2022. The Académie des sciences d' outre-mer also experienced changes, as Claude Collin-Delavaud ended his membership on July 4, 2022, and Baptiste Leseigneur followed suit on October 12, 2022.
Friday, December 31, 2021: New Year's Eve Sees Multiple High-Profile Departures in AcademiaOn Saturday, January 1st, 2022, several prominent academics will be leaving their respective institutions, marking a significant shift in the academic landscape. Heinrich Hußmann will no longer be working for Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich, while Elina Fonsén will be ending her tenure at the University of Helsinki. Additionally, Marcello Barbanera will be departing from Sapienza University of Rome, and Patrick Drew McDaniel will no longer be working for Pennsylvania State University, all effective the same day.
December 30, 2021 - New Year Brings Notable Departures in AcademiaEudald Carbonell and Andreas Both are among the notable figures leaving their positions, with Carbonell ending his work at the University of Rovira i Virgili and Both departing Anhalt University of Applied Sciences, both effective Saturday, January 1st, 2022, and January 1st, 2022, respectively. Later in the month, Vincenzo Candila will end his work at Sapienza University of Rome on Tuesday, February 1st, 2022, followed by Jacinta Elston, who will be leaving Monash University on Friday, February 11th, 2022.
Several notable academics have parted ways with their respective institutions in recent months. Till Grallert ended his tenure at the University of Hamburg on Wednesday, March 30, 2022. Meanwhile, Maria Paz Bertoglia concluded her work at the University of Chile on Thursday, June 30, 2022. More recently, Brett M. Morris and Matthias Böhm both ceased working for their employers on Monday, August 1, 2022, with Morris leaving the University of Bern and Böhm departing Graz University of Technology.
Several notable academics have parted ways with their respective institutions in recent months. Sebastian Kubon's tenure at the University of Hamburg came to an end on Thursday, September 1, 2022. Later that month, on September 30, 2022, Annette Strauch-Davey ended her affiliation with the University of Hildesheim, while Hendrik Snyders also ceased working for the University of the Free State on the same day. Meanwhile, Barbara Windscheid brought her time at the University of Mannheim to a close on Saturday, December 31st, 2022.
On December 31st, 2022, two notable academics brought their tenures to a close. Konrad Rieck ended his affiliation with the Technical University of Braunschweig, marking a significant change for the institution. Similarly, Lars Kanzenbach concluded his work at the Chemnitz University of Technology on the same day, Saturday, December 31st, 2022, as his professional path took a new turn.
January 1st, 2022: New Year Sees Player TransfersAndoni Zubiaurre and Ferran Jutglà have ended their memberships with Real Sociedad B and FC Barcelona, respectively, as of today, Saturday, January 1st, 2022. Meanwhile, Abdelhamid Sabiri is also no longer a member of Ascoli Calcio 1898 F. C. as of the same day. In a separate development, Jairzinho Fumont has started his membership with Ventura County Fusion, effective January 1st, 2022.
On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, several notable transfers took place in the football world. Florian Allapo began his tenure as a member of Ain Sud, while Ilya Kalachyov started his membership with FC Olimp-Dolgoprudny. Conversely, Julen Agirre's time with SD Eibar came to an end, and Kieran Trippier parted ways with Atlético Madrid, both marking the end of their respective memberships on the same day.
Thursday, December 30th, 2021: Upcoming Football Transfers to Shake Up TeamsOn January 1st, 2022, several significant changes are expected in the football world. Peter Jameson will start his membership with Harrogate Town A. F. C. Meanwhile, Kang Sang-woo will be ending his tenure with Pohang Steelers, Imanol García de Albéniz will no longer be part of CD Mirandés, and Javi Areso will bid farewell to CA Pulpileño, all on the same day.
January 3, 2022: Weekend Transfer NewsFederico Gatti and Reza Asadi ended their memberships with Frosinone Calcio and Persepolis F. C. respectively, while Aitor Aranzabe parted ways with CD Tudelano, all on Saturday. Meanwhile, Fábio Carvalho started his membership with Liverpool F. C. on the same day, marking a new beginning for the young footballer.
On Saturday, January 1, 2022, several notable transfers took place in the football world. Adriano Moke began his tenure as a member of Darlington F.C. Beñat Leiza parted ways with SD Amorebieta, while Rubén González, a footballer born in 1994, ended his stint with UD Ibiza. Meanwhile, Martín Bengoa and Anagennisi Karditsa F.C. went their separate ways, marking the end of his membership with the team.
Several notable transfers took place on January 1st, 2022, as Cole Turner's tenure with the Philadelphia Union came to an end, while Florin Gardoș parted ways with the Romania national football team. Meanwhile, Pablo Ibáñez's time at CA Osasuna B also drew to a close. In other news, Nick Pope began a new chapter in his career, joining Newcastle United F.C. as a member of their squad, marking an exciting fresh start for the footballer.
On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, several notable changes occurred in the sports world. Xabier Naveira and Maksim Kunski began new chapters in their careers, with Naveira starting as a member of CD Laredo and Kunski joining FC Energetik-BGU Minsk. Conversely, Batcheba Louis parted ways with GPSO 92 Issy, ending his membership with the organization. Meanwhile, Joris van Overeem's tenure in the Eredivisie came to a close, as he no longer plays in the prestigious league.
On January 1st, 2022, several roster changes took place in the football world. Dmitry Bachek began his tenure as a member of FC Aksu, marking a new chapter in his career. Meanwhile, Noel Aseko parted ways with Hertha BSC, ending his membership with the team. Jon Madrazo also bid farewell to CD Calahorra, bringing his time with the club to a close. Additionally, Konstantin Kotov, a notable footballer, ceased to be a member of FC Ryazan, marking the end of his stint with the organization.
On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, several notable transfers took place in the football world. Július Szöke and Mikita Baranok began new chapters in their careers, with Szöke starting as a member of Hapoel Ironi Kiryat Shmona F.C. and Baranok joining FC Vitebsk. Meanwhile, Yamoussa Camara, a skilled footballer, also commenced his membership with FC BATE Borisov on the same day. In contrast, Kurt Willoughby's tenure with York City F.C. came to an end, as he was no longer a member of the team, effective January 1st, 2022.
On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, several notable transfers took place in the football world. Emil Hansson parted ways with Fortuna Sittard, marking the end of his membership with the team. Meanwhile, Nawaf Al-Aqidi embarked on a new journey, starting his membership with Al-Tai FC on the same day. Additionally, Adriano Moke's time with Spennymoor Town F. C. came to a close, as he ended his membership with the club. Lastly, Anton Walkes also bid farewell to his team, ending his membership with Charlotte FC, all on the first day of the new year.
On Saturday, January 1, 2022, several notable transfers took place in the football world. Kalvin Phillips began his tenure as a member of Manchester City F.C. Aleksey Zalesky also started a new chapter, joining FC Torpedo-BelAZ Zhodino. Meanwhile, two players parted ways with their former teams: Roberto Santamaría ended his membership with SD Amorebieta, and Oleksandr Martynyuk ceased to be a member of FC Volyn Lutsk.
On January 1st, 2022, several notable transfers took place in the football world. Matt Gilks and Valon Behrami parted ways with their respective teams, Bolton Wanderers F.C. and Genoa C.F.C., marking the end of their memberships. Similarly, Aritz De Miguel ended his tenure with CD Mirandés B. Meanwhile, Abdoul Bandaogo embarked on a new journey, starting his membership with C.D. Trofense on the same day.
Tuesday, January 4, 2022: Weekend Transfer News On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, Akil Wright began his tenure as a member of Stockport County F. C., while Hernán Galíndez also started his membership with Club Universidad de Chile and Peru Nolaskoain joined SD Amorebieta. Meanwhile, Joe Wollacott's time with Swindon Town F. C. came to an end.
On January 1st, 2022, several notable transfers took place in the football world. Andrés Balanta joined Atlético Tucumán, while Bingourou Kamara became a member of R. Charleroi S. C. Conversely, Shojae Khalilzadeh parted ways with Al-Rayyan SC and Jairzinho Fumont ended his tenure at Le Touquet AC, marking the end of their respective stints with these clubs.
On January 1st, 2022, several significant transfers took place in the football world. Ferran Torres officially started his membership with FC Barcelona, marking a new chapter in his career. Similarly, Shaq Forde and Masato Kudo began their tenures with York City F.C. and Tegevajaro Miyazaki, respectively, on the same day. In contrast, Mikel Murgoitio's time with SD Deusto came to an end, as he ceased to be a member of the organization, also effective January 1st, 2022.
On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, several notable transfers took place in the football world. Emirhan İlkhan began his tenure as a member of Beşiktaş J. K., while Denis Sadovsky started his membership with FC Gomel. Conversely, Noah Sadaoui's time with AS FAR football club came to an end, and Egzon Binaku parted ways with IFK Norrköping, both marking the end of their respective memberships on the same day.
On January 1st, 2022, several notable transfers took place in the football world. Siem de Jong and Yoann Touzghar parted ways with their respective clubs, SC Heerenveen and ES Troyes AC, marking the end of their membership. Meanwhile, Aritz Eguaras also bid farewell to Racing Rioja CF. In a separate development, Isco embarked on a new journey, starting his membership with Sevilla FC, as the Spanish club bolstered its roster on the first day of the year.
On January 1st, 2022, several footballers underwent team changes. Víctor López, a footballer born in 1997, and Maxim Kouogun parted ways with their respective clubs, Algeciras CF and Shelbourne F.C., while Cho Gue-sung also ended his membership with Gimcheon Sangmu FC. Meanwhile, Reon Potts embarked on a new journey, starting his membership with Belper Town F.C. on the same day.
On January 1st, 2022, several notable transfers took place in the football world. Drew Spence parted ways with Chelsea F.C. Women, marking the end of her membership with the team. Similarly, Oleg Nikiforenko ceased to be a member of the Belarus national under-21 football team, while Vanesa Gimbert ended her tenure with Athletic Club's women's team. Conversely, Asier Pérez Moreno embarked on a new journey, starting his membership with UD Mutilvera, all on the same day.
Thursday, December 30, 2021: Upcoming Football Transfers AnnouncedAs the year draws to a close, several football clubs have announced new signings set to take effect on January 1st, 2022. Ryan Edmondson is slated to start as a member of Carlisle United F. C., while Dmitry Pletnyov will join FC Atyrau on the same day. Meanwhile, Chelsea F. C. has secured the services of Raheem Sterling, who will also begin his tenure on January 1st, 2022. In related news, Asier Arana Sánchez will end his membership with Gernika Club, also effective January 1st, 2022.
On January 1st, 2022, several notable transfers took place in the football world. Hugo Rincón and Marco Sangalli parted ways with their respective teams, CD Basconia and Real Oviedo, marking the end of their membership with these organizations. Meanwhile, Joseph Adah embarked on a new journey, starting his membership with NK Celje. Additionally, Jeffrey Quarshie's tenure with Football Bourg-en-Bresse Péronnas 01 came to a close, as he ended his membership with the team on the same day.
Tuesday, January 4th, 2022: Weekend Soccer Shakeup Sees Several Key Player MovesOn Saturday, January 1st, 2022, Julen Agirre ended his membership with CD Vitoria, while Ibai Sanz also parted ways with CD Basconia, and Malik Pinto left Princeton Tigers men's soccer. Meanwhile, Aram Kocharyan started his tenure as a member of Noravank SC on the same day.
On January 1st, 2022, several roster changes took place in the football world. Adel Belaroussi began his tenure as a member of Ain Sud, marking a new chapter in his career. Meanwhile, Agustina Sánchez parted ways with Club Nacional de Football's women's team, ending her membership. Daniil Miroshnikov also bid farewell to the Belarus national under-21 football team, closing a significant period in his athletic journey. Additionally, Yulia Slesarchik ceased to be a member of ZFK Zenit Saint Petersburg, bringing an end to her time with the Russian club.
On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, several key transfers took place in the football world. Théo Braillon and Oier Sanjurjo both parted ways with their respective teams, with Braillon ending his membership with Football Bourg-en-Bresse Péronnas 01 and Sanjurjo leaving CA Osasuna. Meanwhile, Kalidou Koulibaly embarked on a new journey, starting his membership with Chelsea F. C. Additionally, Ramin Rezaeian also moved on, ending his time at Al-Duhail SC, all on the same day.
On Saturday, January 1, 2022, several notable footballers embarked on new chapters in their careers. Aleksandr Guz joined the Belarus national under-19 football team, while Dele Alli became a member of Everton F.C. Eden Kartsev started his tenure with FC Dynamo Moscow. Meanwhile, Ben Davies, the footballer born in 1995, began his stint with Rangers F.C. All of these moves took place on the same day, marking a significant shuffle in the football world.
On January 1st, 2022, several roster changes took place in the football world. Álex Sancris and Rune Paeshuyse parted ways with their respective teams, CD Leganés B and K. V. Mechelen, marking the end of their membership with these organizations. Meanwhile, Roberto Canella joined CD Calahorra and Ksenia Kubichnaya signed with Zaragoza CFF, starting their new memberships with these clubs on the same day.
On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, several notable departures were announced in the sports world. Raúl Fernández, the footballer born in 1988, and Bruno Sebastián Caballero ended their memberships with UD Las Palmas and Racing Murcia FC, respectively. Meanwhile, Lee Tuck parted ways with Sri Pahang F.C. In related news, Bjørn Gulden ceased working for Puma, the renowned sports brand, also effective as of January 1st, 2022.
On January 1st, 2022, several notable transfers took place in the football world. Manuel Corrales parted ways with Cusco FC, marking the end of his membership with the team. Meanwhile, Scott Burgess began his tenure with Kidderminster Harriers F.C. on the same day. Javier Eduardo López also ended his stint with C.D. Guadalajara, while Luis Bilbao bid farewell to CD Basconia, both of whom ceased to be members of their respective teams on New Year's Day.
Several footballers marked new beginnings and endings in their careers on January 1st, 2022. Ivan Pešić, a footballer born in 1992, parted ways with FC Vorskla Poltava, ending his membership with the team. Meanwhile, Ander Bardají started a new chapter as a member of Real Unión. Hamza Rafia also bid farewell to his club, ending his time at Standard Liège on the same day. Additionally, Marquinhos, a young footballer born in 2003, ended his tenure at São Paulo FC, closing a chapter in his early career.
On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, several notable transfers took place in the football world. Vicu Bulmaga parted ways with FK Teplice, while Fyodor Smolov ended his tenure with FC Lokomotiv Moscow, both on New Year's Day. Meanwhile, Alex Carbonell Martikorena bid farewell to Real Sociedad C. In a separate development, Artem Kontsevoy, a young footballer born in 1999, embarked on a new journey as he joined FC Baník Ostrava, marking the beginning of his membership with the team.
On January 1st, 2022, several roster changes took place in the football world. Tarek Hamed's tenure with Zamalek SC came to an end, as he was no longer a member of the team. Meanwhile, in Belarus, Aleksandr Poznyak and Maksim Shilo both joined FC Minsk, while Maksim Samatoj started his membership with FC Dinamo Minsk, all on the same day, with Poznyak and Samatoj's moves announced on a Saturday.
On January 1st, 2022, several notable transfers took place in the football world. Hamza Hannouri and Isco parted ways with their respective teams, with Hannouri ending his membership with Moghreb Tétouan and Isco leaving Real Madrid CF. Meanwhile, Ilaix Moriba began a new chapter with Valencia CF, starting his membership with the team. Similarly, Shaq Forde joined Watford F.C., marking the start of his tenure with the club, all on the same day.
On January 1st, 2022, several notable membership changes occurred in the sports world. Nina Ehegötz parted ways with 1. FFC Turbine Potsdam, while Ekhiotz Orobiogoikoetxea ended his tenure at Club San Ignacio and Jon Xabier Vidal bid farewell to CD El Ejido. Conversely, Denis Mitrofanov embarked on a new journey, joining FC Atyrau as a member on the same day.
On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, several significant transfers took place in the football world. Remy Longdon began his tenure as a member of York City F.C., while Jon Ander Garrido and Denis Laptev started their memberships with CD Mirandés and FC Torpedo Moscow, respectively. Meanwhile, Mohamed-Ali Cho parted ways with Angers SCO, marking the end of his membership with the organization.
On January 1st, 2022, several significant roster changes took place in the football world. James Igbekeme began his tenure as a member of Columbus Crew, while Víctor Ulloa, a Peruvian footballer, started his membership with Deportivo Llacuabamba. Meanwhile, Kerman Sukia joined the ranks of CD Calahorra. In other news, Alexis Duarte parted ways with Cerro Porteño, marking the end of his membership with the organization, all on the same day.
Saturday, January 1st, 2022: New Year Sees Player Transfers Juan Artola, the young footballer born in 2000, has ended his membership with Athletic Bilbao B, effective today. Meanwhile, Sergei Slepov has started his tenure with FC Krasny, also as of today. Other players making moves include Diego Buonanotte, who is no longer with Club Deportivo Universidad Católica, and Mootez Zaddem, who has parted ways with Valmiera FC, both changes taking place on this first day of the year.
On January 1st, 2022, several roster changes took place in the football world. Jun Amano began his tenure as a member of Ulsan Hyundai FC, while Ilya Vasilevich joined the Belarus national under-21 football team. Conversely, Adel Belaroussi parted ways with FC Limonest Dardilly Saint-Didier and Miloš Drinčić ended his affiliation with FK Sutjeska Nikšić, marking the end of their respective memberships with these organizations.
On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, several notable transfers took place in the football world. Diego Godín and Moussa Sissako parted ways with their respective clubs, Cagliari Calcio and Standard Liège, marking the end of their membership with these organizations. Similarly, Jorge Luis García Salmón ended his tenure with CD El Ejido on the same day. Conversely, Mikhail Shibun embarked on a new journey, starting his membership with FC Minsk, signaling an exciting new chapter in his career.
On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, several key transfers took place in the football world. Walid Cheddira's tenure with Parma Calcio 1913 came to an end, while Renan Bressan embarked on a new journey with Criciúma Esporte Clube. Meanwhile, Iker Hernández parted ways with UD Melilla, and Calum Chambers joined the ranks of Aston Villa F.C., marking a fresh start for the player.
On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, several notable transfers took place in the football world. Chadi Riad and Nacho Monreal parted ways with their respective teams, with Riad ending his membership with CE Sabadell FC and Monreal leaving Real Sociedad. Meanwhile, Grigor Muradyan embarked on a new journey, starting his membership with Shirak SC. Additionally, Damjan Dostanić's tenure with FK TSC Bačka Topola came to an end, as he ended his membership with the team on the same day.
On January 1st, 2022, several notable changes occurred in the sports world. Félix Ofoli Quaye and Diego Royo both parted ways with their respective teams, with Quaye ending his membership with CD Leganés B and Royo leaving CD Tudelano. Meanwhile, Aritz De Miguel embarked on a new journey, starting his membership with Club Portugalete. In a separate development, Nasser Larguet ceased working for Olympique de Marseille, marking the end of his tenure with the organization.
Sun, January 2nd, 2022: Football Transfer News On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, several key transfers took place in the football world. Ibon Barandiaran ended his membership with Sestao River Club, while Danila Žuĺpa began his tenure with the Belarus national under-19 football team. Additionally, Dmitriy Bukshtan parted ways with FC Dynamo Saint Petersburg, and Ioan Hora started his membership with FC Hermannstadt, all on the same day.
On January 1, 2022, several roster changes took place in the football world. AJ Greaves parted ways with Doncaster Rovers F.C., marking the end of his membership with the team. Meanwhile, Aleksey Teslyuk began his tenure with FC Lokomotiv Gomel, and Timur Melekestsev joined FC Alania Vladikavkaz, both starting their memberships on the same day. Additionally, Denis Zakaria's time with Borussia Mönchengladbach came to a close, as he ended his membership with the team, also on January 1.
On January 1st, 2022, several notable transfers took place in the football world. Tomislav Barišić and Pablo Torre, a skilled footballer, both parted ways with their respective teams, with Barišić ending his membership with HŠK Posušje and Torre leaving Racing de Santander. Meanwhile, Andoni Ugarte also ended his stint with CD Calahorra on the same day. In a separate development, Ander Zoilo started his membership with CD Calahorra, marking a new beginning for the player on Saturday, January 1st, 2022.
Thu, 2021-12-30: Preview of Upcoming Transfers - As of Saturday, 2022-01-01, several notable changes are expected in the football world. Ivan Ziańkoŭ is set to start as a member of FC Shakhtyor Petrikov, while Richarlison will be joining Tottenham Hotspur F. C. Additionally, Martín Cáceres will become a part of Levante UD. Conversely, Mikel Álvaro's tenure with SD Amorebieta will come to an end.
On January 1st, 2022, several notable membership changes occurred in the sports world. Pedro Perlaza began his tenure as a member of C. S. D. Independiente del Valle. Meanwhile, Isabella Kresche parted ways with SKN St. Pölten's women's team, Yonatan Cohen ended his affiliation with Pisa S. C., and Baptiste Etcheverria bid farewell to Stade Lavallois, all on the same day.
Monday, 2021-12-27: Upcoming New Year Sees Multiple Athletes Part Ways With Their TeamsAndrea Herczeg will no longer be a member of Haladás-Viktoria Fc, Dániel Kemerle is leaving Csepel FC, Nathan Dekoke is ending his membership with US Quevilly-Rouen Métropole, and Axel Bordón will no longer be part of Barracas Central, all effective January 1st, 2022.
December 29th, 2021: Upcoming Transfers to Shake Up Football World on January 1st, 2022Nuria Rábano is set to leave Real Sociedad Femenino, while Haritz Albisua will be departing SD Logroñés and Eden Kartsev will no longer be with Maccabi Netanya F. C., all as of January 1st, 2022. On the same day, Gabriel Jesus will be joining Arsenal F. C.
On January 1st, 2022, several roster changes took place in the football world. Hong Yun-sang parted ways with SKN St. Pölten, marking the end of his membership with the team. Meanwhile, Takuji Yonemoto and Imanol Ezkurdia embarked on new journeys, with Yonemoto joining Shonan Bellmare and Ezkurdia becoming a part of Real Unión. Additionally, Aleksandr Mikhalenko's tenure with the Belarus national under-21 football team came to a close.
On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, several notable transfers took place in the sports world. Anastasiya Kunitskaya began her tenure as a member of Kireçburnu Spor, marking a new chapter in her career. Conversely, Jeslynn Kuijpers parted ways with PSV, ending her membership with the women's team. Meanwhile, Amad Diallo joined Rangers F.C., starting his membership with the club. Aitor Ortega also made a significant move, ending his time at Club Portugalete, bringing his membership to a close.
On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, several notable transfers took place in the football world. Reon Potts began his tenure as a member of Gainsborough Trinity F.C., marking a new chapter in his career. Meanwhile, Ander Vidorreta parted ways with Real Avilés CF, bringing an end to his membership with the team. Elsewhere, Quicala Bari joined the ranks of Derio Kirol Elkartea, while Robert Sălceanu started his journey with FC Buzău, both players embarking on new adventures on the first day of the year.
On January 1st, 2022, several notable transfers took place in the football world. Brandon Agounon and Mikel Mendibe parted ways with their respective teams, Football Bourg-en-Bresse Péronnas 01 and CD Basconia, marking the end of their membership. Adrien Silva also bid farewell to U. C. Sampdoria on the same day. Meanwhile, Lucas Ocampos embarked on a new journey, starting his membership with AFC Ajax, bringing fresh talent to the team.
On January 1st, 2022, several notable transfers took place in the football world. Casemiro parted ways with Real Madrid CF, marking the end of his membership with the club. Meanwhile, Abdelhamid Sabiri began his tenure with U. C. Sampdoria, starting his membership with the Italian team. Anestis Nastos also moved on, ending his time with FC Rapid București. Additionally, Jaime Zumalakarregi's stint with Sestao River Club came to a close, as he ended his membership with the club on the same day.
On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, several notable changes occurred in the football world. Marjolijn Van Den Bighelaar parted ways with AFC Ajax's women's team, marking the end of her membership. Meanwhile, Maxim Kouogun embarked on a new journey, starting his membership with York City F.C. Additionally, Šime Vrsaljko bid farewell to the Croatia national football team, and Néstor Salinas ended his tenure with Sestao River Club, both bringing their respective memberships to a close on the same day.
December 31, 2021 - New Year's Eve Brings Changes in Sports TeamsAs the clock strikes midnight, several athletes are gearing up for new beginnings, while one says goodbye to their team. Romain Montiel will no longer be a part of Football Bourg-en-Bresse Péronnas 01, marking an end to his membership with the team, effective January 1st, 2022. On the other hand, Leandro Salino is set to start his new journey with P. A. O. K. on the same day. Karina Olkhovik will also be joining Società Sportiva Dilettantistica Chievo Verona Women Fm, and Julen Bernaola will become a member of Urduliz FT, both starting their memberships on January 1st, 2022.
On January 1st, 2022, several roster changes took place in the football world. AJ Greaves officially started his membership with York City F.C. Meanwhile, Roselord Borgella and Urko Iruretagoiena parted ways with their respective teams, GPSO 92 Issy and Arenas Club de Getxo, marking the end of their membership. Ndeye Awa Diakhaté also ended her tenure with Le Puy Foot 43 Auvergne's women's team on the same day.
On January 1st, 2022, several notable transfers took place in the football world. Javi Martínez, a young footballer born in 1999, joined Albacete Balompié, marking the beginning of his tenure with the team. Meanwhile, Maziar Kouhyar parted ways with Hereford F. C., ending his membership with the club. Jahor Kres started his journey with FC Dinamo Minsk, becoming a new member of the team. Additionally, Jade Boho's time with Servette FC Chênois Féminin came to a close, as she ended her membership with the organization.
On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, several roster changes took place in the football world. Imanol Sarriegi parted ways with CD Calahorra, marking the end of his membership with the team. Meanwhile, Furkan Akın embarked on a new journey, starting his membership with FC Dinamo-Auto Tiraspol. Beñat Garro also bid farewell to his former team, SD Amorebieta, as his membership came to an end. Additionally, Mbayang Sow's time with Union Sportive Des Parcelles Assainies drew to a close, as he ended his membership with the organization.
January 3rd, 2022: Weekend Transfer NewsSeveral notable transfers took place on January 1st, 2022, as Danial Esmaeilifar and Luka Jović parted ways with their respective clubs, Sepahan S. C. and Real Madrid CF, marking the end of their membership. Meanwhile, Aleksandr Dzhigero began his tenure at FC Minsk, starting his membership with the team. Hwang In-beom also ended his time at FC Rubin Kazan, bringing an end to his membership on the same day.
Sun, 2022-01-02: Transfer Updates Several key transfers took place on Saturday, January 1st, 2022, as Ramiro Funes Mori started his membership with Al Nassr FC. Meanwhile, Euloge Placca Fessou ended his membership with K Beerschot VA, Noa Dundas parted ways with Excelsior Rotterdam, and Daniel Wass ceased to be a member of Valencia CF, all on the same day.
On January 1st, 2022, several notable transfers took place in the football world. Oriol Soldevila's tenure with Birmingham City F. C. Reserves and Academy came to an end, while Iñigo López Gálvez began his membership with Sestao River Club. Meanwhile, Alexander Gualda parted ways with CD Tudelano, and Kieran Trippier started his journey with Newcastle United F. C.
On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, several roster changes took place in the football world. Sean Newton began his tenure as a member of Buxton F. C. Meanwhile, Kiryl Jankoŭski parted ways with FC Shakhtyor Petrikov, Hwang Ui-jo ended his stint with FC Girondins de Bordeaux, and Abdoul Bandaogo ceased to be a member of Real Balompédica Linense, all on the same day.
On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, several notable transfers took place in the football world. Shakhzod Ubaydullaev began his tenure as a member of FC Neftchi Fergana, while Andriy Markovych started his membership with FC Karpaty Lviv. Meanwhile, Scott Burgess' time with Port Vale F.C. came to an end, as he was no longer a member of the team, and Raphaël Gerbeaud parted ways with Stade Plabennécois, marking the end of his membership with the organization.
Saturday, 2022-01-01: New Year Brings Changes in Football RostersMaciej Sadlok is no longer a member of Wisła Kraków, while Aliaksandr Francuzaŭ has joined the Belarus national under-19 football team, Keita Baldé has parted ways with Cagliari Calcio, and Iñaki Recio has started his membership with CD Calahorra, all on this first day of the year.
Friday, January 7th, 2022: Football Transfer Updates Several key transfers took place on January 1, 2022, as Nani joined Venezia F.C. as a new member. Meanwhile, Erling Haaland and Asier Pérez Moreno ended their memberships with Borussia Dortmund and CA Osasuna, respectively, on the same day, with both of their last days being a Saturday. Jon Villanueva Gómez also parted ways with Zamora CF on January 1, 2022.
On January 1st, 2022, several notable transfers took place in the football world. Mikel Álvaro and Shaq Forde began new chapters in their careers, with Álvaro starting as a member of Club Portugalete and Forde joining Kings Langley F. C. Meanwhile, Steve Traoré also made a move, becoming a part of PFC Beroe Stara Zagora. In other news, Mikel Juaristi's time at Barakaldo CF came to an end, as he was no longer a member of the organization, marking a significant change for the player.
On January 1st, 2022, several roster changes took place in the sports world. Cimafiej Jurasaŭ began his tenure as a member of FC Dinamo Minsk. Meanwhile, Alina Skydan parted ways with Ryazan-VDV, Bohdan Shust ended his affiliation with FC Inhulets Petrove, and Xabi Etxebarria ceased to be a member of SD Leioa, all marking the end of their respective memberships on the same day.
On January 1st, 2022, several notable membership changes occurred in the sports world. Iker San Vicente and Iker Hernández began new chapters, with San Vicente starting as a member of SD Leioa and Hernández joining Santiago Wanderers. Meanwhile, Camila Fernández also embarked on a new journey, becoming a member of Arsenal Fútbol Club Women. In contrast, Ander Vitoria's time with Cultural y Deportiva Leonesa came to an end, as he was no longer a member of the organization, marking a significant change for the team.
On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, several notable transfers took place in the football world. Khélis Mahdar and Gexan Elosegi parted ways with their respective teams, AS Saint-Priest and Real Unión, marking the end of their membership with these organizations. Meanwhile, Timur Pukhov joined FC Ararat Yerevan and Lee Dong-gyeong signed with FC Schalke 04, starting their new memberships on the same day.
On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, several roster changes took place in the football world. Lee Ki-hyuk, a notable footballer, parted ways with Suwon FC, marking the end of his membership with the team. Similarly, Junior Mbele and Mohammed Ali Bemammer also ended their tenures, with Mbele leaving Al-Nasr SC in Benghazi and Bemammer departing from Ittihad Tanger. Meanwhile, Lewis Cunningham embarked on a new journey, starting his membership with Glossop North End A.F.C. on the same day.
On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, several notable transfers took place in the football world. Terrence Tisdell and Serhiy Shapoval began their journeys with new teams, as Tisdell started his membership with FC Botoșani and Shapoval joined FC Peremoha Dnipro. Meanwhile, Marcão, a footballer born in 1996, ended his stint with Galatasaray S.K. On the same day, Iñigo López Gálvez embarked on a new chapter, starting his membership with Arenas Club de Getxo.
January 4th, 2022: Weekend Transfer NewsOn Saturday, January 1st, 2022, several changes occurred in the football world. Bruma, a notable footballer, ended his stint in the Eredivisie. Meanwhile, Gonzalo Jara, a seasoned footballer born in 1985, began his membership with Coquimbo Unido, marking a new chapter in his career. Tomás Tavares parted ways with FC Basel, ending his membership with the team, also on the same day. Abbas Mohamad started his journey as a new member of Dalkurd FF, joining the team on January 1st, 2022.
January 2nd, 2022: Transfer News from Yesterday's Football WorldSeveral key transfers took place on Saturday, January 1st, 2022, as Carney Chukwuemeka ended his membership with Aston Villa F. C., while Gabriel Jesus parted ways with Manchester City F. C. and Mahmoud Bentayg left TAS de Casablanca. Conversely, Matthijs de Ligt began his tenure as a member of FC Bayern Munich on the same day.
On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, several roster changes took place in the football world. Hamza Rafia began his tenure as a member of U. S. Cremonese. Meanwhile, Eneko Undabarrena parted ways with Burgos CF, Sidney Obissa ended his affiliation with R. Olympic Charleroi Châtelet Farciennes, and Javier Eduardo López ceased to be a member of San Jose Earthquakes, all on the same day.
On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, several notable transfers took place in the football world. Maksim Hajavy and Zoran Josipovic began new chapters in their careers, with Hajavy starting as a member of FC BATE Borisov and Josipovic joining FC Lugano. Meanwhile, Ryan Edmondson parted ways with Leeds United F.C. and Hwang Hee-chan ended his tenure with RB Leipzig, both marking the end of their memberships with their respective former teams on the same day.
On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, several notable transfers took place in the football world. Lee Dong-jun, a skilled footballer, began his tenure as a member of Hertha BSC, marking an exciting new chapter in his career. Meanwhile, Houssem Louati parted ways with US Tataouine, and Adolfo Muñoz ended his membership with L. D. U. Quito, both bringing their time with their respective teams to a close. In another significant move, Sergio Rico joined the ranks of RCD Mallorca, starting his membership with the team on the same day.
December 27th, 2021: Upcoming New Year's Day Transfers AnnouncedOn January 1st, 2022, several high-profile transfers are set to take place, as Anastasiya Shlapakova and Gorka Pérez will no longer be members of Dinamo-Bgu and CD Badajoz, respectively, while Antonio Rüdiger will be leaving Chelsea F. C. Meanwhile, Denis Yaskovich is slated to start his membership with FC Minsk, marking a new beginning for the player.
Thursday, December 30th, 2021: New Year's Eve Eve Football UpdatesAs the world prepares to ring in the new year, several football clubs are gearing up for changes in their rosters, set to take effect on Saturday, January 1st, 2022, with Antxon Jaso starting his membership with Real Unión, while Zeno Ibsen Rossi begins his tenure at Dundee F. C. on the same day, meanwhile, Ahmed Musa's time at Fatih Karagümrük S. K. comes to an end, and Driss Fettouhi parts ways with Al-Sailiya SC.
On January 1st, 2022, several roster changes took place in the football world. Umar Sadiq's tenure with UD Almería came to an end, as he was no longer a member of the team. Meanwhile, Alyaksey Ivanow embarked on a new journey, starting his membership with FC Torpedo-BelAZ Zhodino. Markel Arana also parted ways with his former team, SD Eibar Urko, marking the end of his time with the organization. Additionally, Joy Kersten's membership with Excelsior Rotterdam's women's team came to a close, as she was no longer part of the squad.
Tuesday, January 4th, 2022: Weekend Sports UpdatesOn Saturday, January 1st, 2022, several notable roster changes occurred in the sports world. Maciej Rybus ended his membership with FC Lokomotiv Moscow, while Danilo Asprilla started his tenure with Hapoel Be' er Sheva F. C. Additionally, Riley Tanner's time with the Alabama Crimson Tide women's soccer team came to a close. In international football, Tommy Bechmann began his stint with the Denmark National Under-20 Football Team, also on January 1st, 2022.
December 30, 2021 - Preview of Tomorrow's Expected TransfersAs the world of sports prepares to usher in the new year, several key transfers are expected to take place tomorrow, January 1st, 2022. Sagir Abdulmajeed is set to start his membership with FC Sucleia, marking a new chapter in his career. Meanwhile, several athletes will be ending their tenure with their respective teams, including Sara Ismael, who will no longer be a member of FC Barcelona (women) B, Ferran Jutglà, who will be leaving FC Barcelona Atlètic, and Djorkaeff Reasco, who will be parting ways with L. D. U. Quito.
On January 1st, 2022, several notable transfers took place in the football world. Xabier Cardenas parted ways with Real Avilés CF, while Dušan Vlahović ended his tenure with ACF Fiorentina. Meanwhile, Egoitz Arana's time with Real Sociedad C came to a close. In contrast, Abdullah Hassoun embarked on a new journey, joining Al-Tai FC as a member of the team.
On January 1st, 2022, several roster changes took place in the football world. Gorka Santamaría began his tenure with Deportivo de La Coruña, marking a new chapter in his career. Meanwhile, Artyom Shumansky parted ways with the Belarus national under-19 football team, and Hamza Jelassi ended his stint with US Monastir. Additionally, an unnamed individual ceased to be a member of ZhFC Dnepr Mogilev, although details surrounding this departure remain unclear.
Tuesday, January 4th, 2022: Weekend Sports UpdatesSeveral changes occurred in the sports world on Saturday, January 1st, 2022, as Jonas Valland started his membership with SK Vard Haugesund, while Óscar Gil ended his tenure with SD Amorebieta and Niks Sliede parted ways with FK RFS, also ending their memberships with their respective teams. Meanwhile, Nicolas Celotti ceased working for Inter Leipzig, marking a new beginning for the individual and the organization.
Sat, January 8th, 2022: Recent Transfers Shake Up Sports WorldOn Saturday, January 1st, 2022, several key transfers took place, reshaping the rosters of various teams. Urko Iruretagoiena began his tenure as a member of SD Amorebieta, while Iker San Vicente parted ways with CD Basconia, ending his membership with the team. Bakhtiar Rahmani also started a new chapter, joining Duhok SC as a member. Meanwhile, Jonathan Rivierez bid farewell to Stade Malherbe Caen, marking the end of his time as a member of the organization.
On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, several roster changes took place in the football world. Jon Erice and Xavi Estacio parted ways with their respective teams, UD Mutilvera and Valencia CF Mestalla, marking the end of their membership. Similarly, Abbas Mohamad's tenure with Norrby IF came to a close. Conversely, Shada Ouedraogo embarked on a new journey, starting his membership with Bnei Yehuda Tel Aviv F.C. on the same day.
On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, several notable transfers took place in the football world. Milovan Kapor began his tenure as a member of FK Pohronie, while Timur Pukhov started his membership with FC Amkar Perm on the same day. Meanwhile, Erlantz Palacín parted ways with Athletic Bilbao, ending his membership with the team, and Mawi Sánchez also ended his stint with CF Rayo Majadahonda, marking a new beginning for both players.
Tuesday, January 4, 2022: Weekend Transfer NewsSeveral notable transfers took place on Saturday, January 1, 2022, as the new year kicked off. Ben Davies, the footballer born in 1995, parted ways with Liverpool F.C., ending his membership with the team. Meanwhile, in Italy, Ernesto Torregrossa and U.C. Sampdoria went their separate ways, and Wajdi Kechrida's time with U.S. Salernitana 1919 came to a close. In contrast, Jon Xabier Vidal began a new chapter, starting his membership with Real Avilés C.F. on the same day.
Saturday, 2022-01-01: New Year Brings Changes in Sports AffiliationsIker Unzueta has ended his membership with SD Amorebieta, while Boubacar Talatou is no longer part of AS Douanes in Niger, both changes taking effect today. Conversely, Deborah Ngalula has started her tenure with Mfa Žalgiris and Benoît Badiashile has joined the France national football team, also as of today.
On January 1st, 2022, several roster changes took place in the football world. Jack McKay, the footballer born in 1996, parted ways with York City F.C., ending his membership with the team. Meanwhile, Océane Daniel also bid farewell to her team, GPSO 92 Issy, on the same day. In contrast, Aleh Veratsila and Mikita Jeraminak embarked on new journeys, with Veratsila joining FC Vitebsk and Jeraminak becoming a member of FC Isloch Minsk Raion, both starting their memberships on Saturday, January 1st, 2022.
Ainsley Maitland-Niles joined A. S. Roma on January 7, 2022, marking a new chapter in his career. Meanwhile, Gilles Dewaele parted ways with K. V. Kortrijk on January 11, 2022. The following day, Folarin Balogun started his tenure with Middlesbrough F. C. on January 12, 2022. Víctor Medina, a young footballer born in 2001, ended his membership with Tauro F. C. on January 13, 2022, bringing his time with the team to a close.
On January 31st, 2022, several key player transfers took place in the football world. Kim Min-woo, a notable footballer, and Hong Chul both joined the South Korea national football team, marking the beginning of their membership. Meanwhile, Jung Woo-young started his tenure with Al Sadd SC on the same day. Across the globe, Youcef Belaïli became a member of Stade Brestois 29, also on January 31st, 2022, as the football community saw a flurry of new team affiliations.
On Tuesday, February 1st, 2022, several roster changes took place in the football world. Pavel Scherbachenya began his tenure as a member of FC Shakhtyor Petrikov, while Sergey Kontsevoy started his membership with FC Naftan Novopolotsk, and Vladislav Krivitsky joined the ranks of FC Dynamo Brest. Meanwhile, Loïc Rémy's time with Çaykur Rizespor came to an end, as he was no longer a member of the organization, marking a significant departure on the same day that these new memberships commenced.
On February 1st, 2022, several notable transfers took place in the football world. Cédric Gogoua joined FC Turan, marking the beginning of his tenure with the team. Meanwhile, Xherdan Shaqiri's time with Olympique Lyonnais came to an end. Elsewhere, Nikita Nikolayevich and Yegor Troyakov embarked on new journeys, with Nikolayevich becoming a part of PFC Slavia Sofia and Troyakov joining FC Belshina Bobruisk, both starting their memberships on the same day.
Sunday, February 6th, 2022: Recent Transfers Shake Up Football WorldOn Tuesday, February 1st, 2022, several notable transfers took place in the football world. Zaim Divanović joined FC Shakhtyor Soligorsk, while Plamen Iliev, a footballer born in 1991, made a move to FC Hermannstadt after ending his stint with FC Dinamo București. Meanwhile, Shinzo Koroki started his membership with Hokkaido Consadole Sapporo on the same day.
On February 1st, 2022, several roster changes took place in the football world. Evgheni Oancea and Daniel Ciobanu parted ways with their respective teams, with Oancea ending his membership with FC Sfîntul Gheorghe and Ciobanu leaving AFC Dacia Unirea Brăila. Meanwhile, new signings were announced, as Daniil Pavlov joined FC Dynamo Brest and Dzmitry Rekish started his membership with FC Samtredia, both players beginning their tenures on the same day.
On Tuesday, February 1st, 2022, several roster changes took place in the football world. Gabriel Răducan's tenure with AFC Dacia Unirea Brăila came to an end, as he was no longer a member of the team. Meanwhile, Leonid Khankevich joined Włocłavia Włocławek, marking the beginning of his membership with the Polish club. In Belarus, FC Naftan Novopolotsk welcomed two new members: Vladislav Myzgin and Yury Kazlow, both of whom started their membership on the same day, Tuesday, February 1st, 2022.
On Tuesday, February 1st, 2022, several footballers embarked on new journeys with their respective clubs. Robert Primus joined Aizawl FC, while Iĺja Udodaŭ and Evgheni Oancea both became members of FC Noah. Meanwhile, Ihar Stasevich started his tenure with FC Chayka Peschanokopskoye, marking a fresh beginning for these athletes in their careers.
On March 1st, 2022, several notable transfers took place in the football world. Dmitry Sibilev and Aleksey Shalashnikov began new chapters in their careers, with Sibilev joining FC Naftan Novopolotsk and Shalashnikov becoming a member of FC Neman Grodno. Meanwhile, Sigitas Olberkis started his tenure at Dalkurd FF. In a separate development, Oleksandr Nasonov parted ways with FC LNZ Cherkasy, marking the end of his membership with the organization.
Sunday, February 27th, 2022: Upcoming Football Transfers AnnouncedOn Tuesday, March 1st, 2022, several football transfers are expected to take place, marking significant changes in team rosters. Vasily Sovpel will be starting his membership with FC Gomel, while Artyom Dylevsky joins FC Kaisar and Dzmitry Barysaw becomes a member of FC Smorgon. Conversely, Bilal El Khannous will be ending his tenure as a member of the Morocco national under-20 football team.
Tuesday, March 1st, 2022: Sports Update Oleksiy Khoblenko and Oleg Nikiforenko started their memberships with FCI Levadia Tallinn and FC Isloch Minsk Raion, respectively, today, March 1st, 2022, while Vladislav Fedosov also began his tenure at FC Neftchi Kochkor-Ata on the same day. Meanwhile, Yony González is set to join Deportivo Cali on Thursday, March 17th, 2022.
On Friday, April 1st, 2022, several roster changes took place in the football world. Aleksandr Pavlovets and Oleksandr Nasonov began new chapters, with Pavlovets starting as a member of Warta Poznań and Nasonov joining Sokół Kleczew. Meanwhile, Gleb Yefimov also embarked on a new journey, becoming a member of FC Rogachev. In contrast, Zaven Badoyan's time with FC Van came to an end, as he was no longer a member of the organization, marking a significant change for the team.
On April 1st, 2022, several notable transfers took place in the football world. Igor Gubanov and Yao Léonard Djaha began their memberships with FC Kyran and FC Energetik-BGU Minsk, respectively, marking new beginnings for the two players. Meanwhile, Stephen Ward's time at Walsall F.C. came to an end, as he ceased to be a member of the team. Additionally, Pavel Golovenko started his membership with Fc Žodzina-Paŭdniovaje, joining the ranks of his new team on the same day.
Sat, 2022-03-26: Upcoming Sports Roster Changes Announced On April 1st, 2022, several notable roster changes are set to take place. Ablaye Mbengue will start his membership with Al-Arabi SC, a Kuwait-based team. Meanwhile, Hanif Sjahbandi will be ending his tenure as a member of Arema F. C. Additionally, Sergey Khizhnichenko and Sergey Pushnyakov will also be parting ways with their respective teams, FC Aksu and Persikabo 1973, on the same day.
On Friday, April 1st, 2022, several roster changes took place in the football world. Vladislav Myzgin's tenure with FC Naftan Novopolotsk came to an end, as he was no longer a member of the team. Meanwhile, Beka Gvaradze and Aleksandr Chizh embarked on new journeys, with Gvaradze starting his membership with FC Energetik-BGU Minsk and Chizh joining FC Rogachev. Additionally, Ivan Pešić began his stint with FC Dinamo Minsk, marking a new chapter in his career.
On Friday, April 1st, 2022, several notable transfers took place in the football world. Yevgeny Malashevich and Dmitry Baga began their tenure with FC Volna Pinsk and FC Gomel, respectively, marking the start of their membership with the teams. Meanwhile, Artsyom Pyatrenka's time with FC Slavia Mozyr came to an end, as he was no longer a member of the organization. Additionally, Pavel Demidchik joined Fc Žodzina-Paŭdniovaje, starting his membership with the team on the same day.
On Friday, April 1st, 2022, several roster changes took place in the football world. Mikita Hrybaŭ began his tenure as a member of Fc Malaryta, while Yegor Karpitsky started his membership with FC Shakhtyor Petrikov. Sékou Doumbia also joined a new team, becoming a member of FC Ordabasy. Meanwhile, Aleksandr Pavlovets parted ways with FC Kolos Kovalivka, ending his membership with the organization on the same day.
On Tuesday, April 5, 2022, Francisco Calvo and Kenner Gutiérrez joined the Costa Rica national football team, marking the beginning of their membership with the squad. Just two days later, on April 7th, 2022, Ian Smith, a young footballer born in 1998, also started his tenure with the Costa Rica national football team, and in a notable move, he simultaneously became a member of Liga Deportiva Alajuelense.
Friday, April 15th, 2022: Football Transfer NewsOmid Ebrahimi has just started his membership with Al-Wakrah SC. Tomorrow, Stanislav Atrashkevich is set to join FC Isloch Minsk Raion, while Pejman Montazeri will be starting his membership with two teams: Al Kharaitiyat SC and the Iran national football team, both on Saturday, April 16th, 2022.
April 25th, 2022: Upcoming Week in Sports PreviewIn the upcoming days, several notable events are expected to take place in the world of sports. On Thursday, April 28th, 2022, Kalonji Clarke is set to start his membership with St. Paul's United FC, while Tijani Fahie and Salas Cannonier will be joining the Saint Kitts and Nevis national football team on the same day. Just two days later, on Saturday, April 30th, 2022, Ciprian Petre's membership with FC Buzău will come to an end.
On Sunday, May 1st, 2022, several roster changes took place in the football world. Arciom Ulasaŭ joined Energetik-Bgatu Minsk, while Đorđe Ivanović parted ways with NK Maribor. Meanwhile, G' Vaune Amory became a new member of Village Superstars FC. Additionally, Artem Kontsevoy, a footballer born in 1999, ended his tenure with FC Baník Ostrava.
On May 1st, 2022, several roster changes took place in the football world. Miroslav Khlebosolov parted ways with FC Energetik-BGU Minsk, marking the end of his membership with the team. Meanwhile, Filipp Rudik began his tenure with FC Smorgon, starting his membership on the same day. Across the globe, "G' Vaune Amory" also started his membership with the Saint Kitts and Nevis national football team. Additionally, Uladzislaŭ Šubovič's time with FC Rukh Brest came to a close, as he ended his membership with the organization on May 1st, 2022.
In recent football news, several player transfers have taken place. Ruslan Gurbanov's tenure with FC Slavia Mozyr came to an end on Sunday, May 1st, 2022. Meanwhile, Stefan Mueller, a soccer player born in 1995, joined Rio Grande Valley FC Toros on May 3rd, 2022. The following day, May 4th, 2022, saw two new signings: Raheem Hanley started with New Mills A. F. C., and Romaine Sawyers began his membership with the Saint Kitts and Nevis national football team.
Thursday, May 19th, 2022: Recent Additions to Local and National TeamsOn Saturday, May 14th, 2022, Sean Zawadzki and Isaiah Parente both started their membership with the Columbus Crew, with Parente also joining Columbus Crew 2 on the same day. Additionally, Yaw Yeboah began his tenure with the Ghana national football team.
On May 25th, 2022, Theodore Ku-DiPietro joined Loudoun United FC, while also becoming a member of D. C. United, highlighting a unique dual affiliation in the soccer world. Similarly, Tony Alfaro started his membership with D. C. United on the same day. Just two days later, Renato Paiva began his tenure working for Club León, marking a new chapter in his career.
Several roster changes occurred in the soccer world recently. Ray Gaddis joined FC Cincinnati, starting his membership with the team on Sunday, May 29, 2022. Meanwhile, a few players parted ways with their respective teams on June 1, 2022, including Adrián López, who ended his membership with Málaga CF, Aleksandr Pavlovets, who left Warta Poznań, and Realdo Fili, who bid farewell to FC Botoșani on Wednesday.
On Wednesday, June 1st, 2022, several roster changes took place in the football world. Artem Bruy began his tenure as a member of FC Rogachev, while Vitor Feijão started his membership with FC Shakhtyor Soligorsk. Conversely, Diego Rossi's time with Fenerbahçe S. K. came to an end, as he was no longer a member of the team. Similarly, Yevgeny Zemko parted ways with FC Murom, marking the end of his membership with the organization.
May 30, 2022: Upcoming Transfers Announced as Soccer Season Heats Up On Wednesday, June 1st, 2022, several key transfers are expected to take place, signaling significant changes in the soccer world. Yevgeny Pomazan will be ending his membership with FC Chayka Peschanokopskoye, while Salvatore Sirigu will also be leaving Genoa C. F. C. Additionally, Umaru Bangura's time at Neuchâtel Xamax FCS will be coming to an end. In a separate development, Artsyom Zakharaw is set to start his membership with FC Slutsk on the same day.
On Wednesday, June 1st, 2022, several notable transfers took place in the football world. Constantin Dima's tenure with FC UTA Arad came to an end, as he was no longer a member of the team. Similarly, Marko Pjaca parted ways with Torino F.C., and Oleksiy Zbun ended his membership with FC Kryvbas Kryvyi Rih. Meanwhile, Pavel Nazarenko embarked on a new journey, starting his membership with FC Akzhayik, marking a fresh beginning for the player.
On Wednesday, June 1st, 2022, several high-profile departures were announced in the football world. Chigozie Udoji's tenure with Achyronas Liopetriou came to an end, as he was no longer a member of the team. Similarly, Ablaye Mbengue parted ways with Al-Arabi SC of Kuwait, and Denys Shelikhov's time at FC Metalist 1925 Kharkiv drew to a close. Meanwhile, in the English Premier League, Fraser Forster's membership with Southampton F.C. also ceased, marking a significant change for the club.
On Wednesday, June 1st, 2022, several roster changes took place in the football world. Sergio Romero and Pedro Perlaza parted ways with their respective teams, Venezia F.C. and C.S.D. Independiente del Valle, marking the end of their membership with these organizations. Similarly, Danique Ypema's time at FC Twente came to a close. Conversely, Sergey Kontsevoy embarked on a new journey, starting his membership with FC Arsenal Dzerzhinsk on the same day.
On Wednesday, June 1st, 2022, several footballers underwent changes in their team affiliations. Dario Kolobarić and Nikola Ćirković parted ways with their respective teams, with Kolobarić ending his membership with FC Shakhtyor Soligorsk and Ćirković leaving F. C. Kafr Qasim. Meanwhile, Aleksandar Filipović (footballer) also bid farewell to his team, concluding his time at FC BATE Borisov. In a new development, Cristian Dumitru began his tenure at CS Mioveni, marking the start of his membership with the team.
Layonel Adams has joined FK Budućnost Podgorica, starting his membership with the team on June 1st, 2022. Meanwhile, several players have parted ways with their respective clubs, including Cyrus Christie, who ended his time at Fulham F. C. on the same day. Nani, the renowned footballer, also bid farewell to Venezia F. C. on June 1st, 2022. Additionally, Vitaliy Kvashuk's tenure with Aris Limassol FC came to a close on Wednesday, June 1st, 2022.
On Wednesday, June 1st, 2022, several footballers parted ways with their respective teams. Artem Kontsevoy, a footballer born in 1999, ended his membership with FC Rukh Brest. Meanwhile, Armando Sadiku and Ergys Kaçe also made exits, leaving UD Las Palmas and Veria F. C. respectively. Additionally, Nikita Supranovich ceased to be a member of FC Zenit-2 Saint Petersburg, marking a day of significant roster changes in the football world.
On June 1st, 2022, several roster changes occurred in the football world. Aiden McGeady and Nikita Supranovich both parted ways with their respective teams, with McGeady leaving Sunderland A. F. C. and Supranovich departing from FC Zenit Saint Petersburg. Meanwhile, Bojan Dubajić also ended his tenure with Enosis Neon Paralimni FC. In a separate development, Albert Mikhaylov began a new chapter in his career, joining FC Lida as a member on the same day.
On Wednesday, June 1st, 2022, several notable transfers took place in the football world. Yuliy Kuznetsov joined FC Naftan Novopolotsk, marking the beginning of his membership with the team. Meanwhile, Alan Dzagoev parted ways with PFC CSKA Moscow, ending his tenure as a member of the organization. Kiryl Kavaliuk also bid farewell to his team, ceasing to be a member of FC Slutsk, effective the same day. Additionally, Philippe Coutinho's time at FC Barcelona came to a close, as he was no longer a member of the club as of June 1st, 2022.
Sun, 2022-06-05: Mid-Week Shakeup in Football World On Wednesday, 2022-06-01, several high-profile departures rocked the football community. Ayrton Mboko parted ways with LPS HD Clinceni, while Vladyslav Pavlenko ended his tenure at FC Lyubomyr Stavyshche. Additionally, Koya Kitagawa and Jordan Lukaku bid farewell to SK Rapid Wien and Vicenza Calcio, respectively, marking a significant overhaul in team rosters just a few days ago.
On Saturday, June 4th, 2022, Roman Davyskiba and Victor Trotsyuk made headlines as they began new chapters in their careers, with Davyskiba starting as a member of the Belarus national under-21 football team and Trotsyuk joining Fc Niva Doŭbizna. The following day, Sunday, June 5th, 2022, Jesús Alfaro parted ways with UD Logroñés, ending his membership with the team. Meanwhile, Andrey Solovey's career took a significant turn on Monday, June 6th, 2022, as he started his tenure with the Belarus national football team.
In recent football news, Yaroslav Oreshkevich and Vladislav Morozov both joined the Belarus national under-21 football team on June 8th, 2022. Meanwhile, Pavel Sedko started his membership with the Belarus national football team just two days later, on June 10th, 2022. In other news, Alfio Pelliccioni parted ways with U. S. Catanzaro 1929 on June 9th, 2022, marking the end of his time with the organization.
Vyacheslav Kaminsky recently joined FC Ostrovets, starting his membership on June 11, 2022. The following day, June 12, 2022, Lee Kang-in parted ways with the South Korea national under-23 football team, marking the end of his time with the squad. Meanwhile, two new national team members were announced on June 13, 2022: Dmitry Bessmertny began his tenure with the Belarus national football team, and Michael Amir Murillo started his membership with the Panama national football team, with Murillo's announcement coming on a Monday.
In recent football news, several player transfers have taken place. Alexandru Dandea and Merih Demiral have parted ways with their respective teams, with Dandea ending his membership with FC Rapid București on June 13th, 2022, and Demiral leaving Juventus F. C. on June 17th, 2022. Meanwhile, new signings have been announced, as Uladzislaŭ Miaĺko joined FC BATE Borisov on Saturday, June 18th, 2022, and Dmitri Vavilov started his membership with Fc Juni on the same day, June 18th, 2022.
In recent football news, several key player transfers have taken place. Armel Bella-Kotchap has parted ways with VfL Bochum, ending his membership with the team as of June 21, 2022. On the same day, Diego Godín began his tenure with the Uruguay national football team. Meanwhile, Yevgeniy Apanasovich and Sergey Mikhnyuk both started new chapters in their careers on June 25, 2022, with Apanasovich joining FC Slutsk and Mikhnyuk becoming a member of Fc Krečat.
On Thursday, June 30th, 2022, several notable changes occurred in the sports world. Thomas Ephestion and Héctor Bellerín parted ways with their respective teams, with Ephestion ending his membership with K. V. C. Westerlo and Bellerín leaving Real Betis. Meanwhile, Ainsley Maitland-Niles also bid farewell to his team, concluding his membership with A. S. Roma. In another development, Thomas Van den Keybus ceased to play in the Belgian Second Division, marking a significant shift in his career.
Tyreece John-Jules and Letícia Moreno have parted ways with their respective clubs, with John-Jules ending his membership with Sheffield Wednesday F.C. and Moreno leaving PSV's women's team, both on June 30, 2022. Meanwhile, new signings have been announced, as Aleksey Nosko joined FC Maktaaral and Yevgeny Kozel signed with FC Shakhtyor Petrikov, with both players starting their memberships on July 1, 2022.
In a flurry of transfer activity on Friday, July 1st, 2022, several notable players saw their club affiliations change. Laurențiu Brănescu parted ways with FC Viitorul Constanța, marking the end of his tenure with the team. Meanwhile, Renan Bressan and Shokhboz Umarov embarked on new journeys, joining Vila Nova Futebol Clube and FC Ordabasy, respectively, as they started their memberships with their new clubs. Benoît Costil also began a new chapter, starting his membership with AJ Auxerre on the same day.
Monday, June 27th, 2022: Upcoming Summer Transfers On July 1st, 2022, Ilyaz Safi is set to start his membership with FC Orsha, while Ko Itakura will be ending his membership with Manchester City F. C. Additionally, Daniil Miroshnikov and Vadim Crîcimari are expected to start their memberships with FC Dynamo Brest and AFC Dacia Unirea Brăila, respectively, on the same day, Friday, July 1st, 2022.
On July 1st, 2022, several notable transfers took place in the football world. Jayden Oosterwolde joined Parma Calcio 1913, while Vasile Buhăescu became a member of FC Dinamo București. Meanwhile, Amy Harrison parted ways with PSV's women's team. Additionally, Laurențiu Brănescu started his tenure at FC Universitatea Cluj, marking a new chapter in his career.
On Friday, July 1st, 2022, several notable transfers took place in the football world. Mila Robichon's tenure with VV Alkmaar came to an end, as she was no longer a member of the team. Meanwhile, Chidi Osuchukwu began a new chapter, starting as a member of FC Tobol, having previously ended his membership with FC Turan. Arturo Vidal also parted ways with his former team, ending his time as a member of Inter Milan, all on the same day.
On Friday, July 1st, 2022, several roster changes took place in the football world. Robert Riza began his tenure as a member of AFC Chindia Târgoviște, while Vladislav Lyakh started his membership with FC Arsenal Dzerzhinsk. Aram Kocharyan also joined FC Vitebsk on the same day. Meanwhile, Nemanja Milunović parted ways with Alanyaspor, ending his membership with the organization, also on July 1st, 2022.
On July 1st, 2022, several roster changes occurred in the football world. Yevgeny Zemko began his tenure as a member of FC Slavia Mozyr, marking a new chapter for the player. Meanwhile, Ellen Jansen parted ways with Valencia CF Femenino, ending her membership with the team. Sergei Bugriyev also bid farewell to FC Vitebsk, and Arciom Ulasaŭ ceased to be a member of Energetik-Bgatu Minsk, as all three players moved on from their respective organizations.
June 28, 2022: Upcoming Football Transfers Announced On Friday, July 1st, 2022, several significant changes are expected in the football world. Maksim Pashkevich will start being a member of FC Osipovichi, while Maksim Zhumabekov is set to join FC Vitebsk. Meanwhile, Nikita Melnikov will no longer be a member of FC Arsenal Dzerzhinsk and Oleksandr Zinchenko will end his membership with Manchester City F.C.
On Friday, July 1st, 2022, several roster changes took place in the football world. Sebastian Ghinga parted ways with AFC Metalul Buzău, marking the end of his membership with the team. Meanwhile, Yuki Kobayashi, a footballer born in 1992, began his tenure with Vissel Kobe, starting his membership on the same day. Elsewhere, Tommy Semmy joined Dandenong City SC, initiating his membership on July 1st, 2022. Additionally, Elena Dhont's time with FC Twente's women's team came to a close, as she ended her membership with the organization on Friday, July 1st, 2022.
On Friday, July 1st, 2022, several roster changes took place in the football world. José Manuel Copete parted ways with SD Ponferradina, marking the end of his membership with the team. Meanwhile, Idris Nuradeen joined FC Arsenal Dzerzhinsk, and Mark Krasnov became a new member of FC Slonim-2017, both starting their tenures on the same day. Additionally, Shahrom Samiev began his membership with FC Isloch Minsk Raion, also on July 1st, 2022.
On July 1st, 2022, several roster changes took place in the football world. Constantin Dima began his tenure as a member of AFC Chindia Târgoviște. Meanwhile, Pavel Baskakov parted ways with Fc Kronan, Cristiano, a footballer born in 1990, ended his stint with FC Dinamo București, and Tajsir Adamčyk ceased to be a member of FC Minsk, all marking the end of their respective memberships on the same day.
June 28th, 2022: Upcoming Sports Roster Changes AnnouncedSeveral significant roster changes are set to take place in the sports world, with multiple athletes preparing to start or end their tenure with various teams. Alexander Domínguez will be ending his membership with Deportes Tolima on Friday, July 1st, 2022. On the same day, Gleb Rassadkin is slated to start his membership with FC Arsenal Dzerzhinsk. Additionally, two female athletes, Chloë Vande Velde and Samya Hassani, will both be ending their membership with K. A. A. Gent's women's team, also on Friday, July 1st, 2022.
On July 1st, 2022, several roster changes took place in the football world. Kento Hashimoto's tenure with FC Rostov came to an end, as he was no longer a member of the team. Meanwhile, Igor Zayats joined the ranks of FC Slutsk, starting his membership with the club. Vasile Buhăescu also parted ways with his former team, ending his time with CSA Steaua București. In another development, Oleg Yevdokimov began his membership with FC Turan, marking a new chapter in his career.
On July 1st, 2022, several roster changes took place in the sports world. Aleksandr Poznyak joined FC Shakhter Karagandy, while Alexandru Dandea started his membership with CSC 1599 Șelimbăr. Meanwhile, Mandy van den Berg parted ways with PSV women's team and Kento Hashimoto ended his tenure with Vissel Kobe, marking the end of their respective memberships with these organizations.
Several high-profile departures rocked the football world on Friday, July 1, 2022, as a number of players parted ways with their respective clubs. Ritsu Dōan ended his tenure with PSV Eindhoven, while Dzmitry Rekish bid farewell to FC Samtredia. Meanwhile, Arciom Višniak's time at FC Viktoryja Marjina Horka came to a close, and Abdullah Hassoun left Al Ahli Saudi FC, all on the same day, marking a significant shake-up in the sport.
Thu, 2022-06-30: Tomorrow's Football Transfers Unfold As of July 1st, 2022, several key transfers are set to take place in the football world. Aliaksiej Siamionaŭ will start his membership with FC Energetik-BGU Minsk, while Dzianis Kazloŭski is slated to join FC Gomel on the same day. Dražen Bagarić will also begin his tenure at FC Honka, marking a new chapter for the player. Conversely, Yegor Khvalko's time at FC Arsenal Dzerzhinsk will come to an end, as he is set to conclude his membership with the organization.
On Friday, July 1st, 2022, several roster changes took place in the football world. Fabricio Agosto's tenure with Fulham F. C. came to an end, while Paviel Sieliaznioŭ began his membership with FC Lida. Meanwhile, Danielle Noordermeer parted ways with Excelsior Rotterdam's women's team, and Charly Jan started his journey with FC Martigues, marking a new beginning for these athletes with their respective teams.
On Friday, July 1, 2022, several roster changes took place in the football world. Anton Suchkow and Vyacheslav Krivulets parted ways with their respective teams, FC Naftan Novopolotsk and Fc Partyzan Salihorsk, marking the end of their membership. Meanwhile, Abdelhamid Sabiri also bid farewell to U. C. Sampdoria. In contrast, Isabelle Iliano embarked on a new journey, starting her membership with Fortuna Sittard on the same day.
On July 1st, 2022, several notable transfers took place in the football world. Uladzislaŭ Drapieza and Yegor Generalov began their new journeys, with Drapieza starting as a member of FC Lokomotiv Gomel and Generalov joining FC Minsk. Meanwhile, Willian Arão's tenure with CR Flamengo came to an end. Across the Atlantic, Gareth Bale embarked on a new chapter, starting as a member of Los Angeles FC.
On Friday, July 1, 2022, several notable transfers took place in the football world. Oleksiy Zbun joined FC Džiugas Telšiai, while Jahor Kres became a member of FC Lokomotiv Gomel. Yevhen Bokhashvili also started a new chapter with Thep Xanh Nam Dinh F. C. Meanwhile, Artsyom Vaskow parted ways with FC Arsenal Dzerzhinsk, marking the end of his tenure with the organization.
Tuesday, June 28th, 2022: Upcoming Player Transfers AnnouncedAs of this Friday, several player transfers are expected to take place, with Iĺja Udodaŭ ending his membership with FC Noah, while Răzvan Greu and Diego Rossi will also be leaving AFC Unirea Slobozia and Los Angeles FC, respectively, all on July 1st, 2022. Conversely, Hlieb Viaršynin is set to start his membership with FC Orsha on the same day, marking new beginnings for the player.
On Friday, July 1st, 2022, several notable transfers took place in the football world. Bekim Balaj began his tenure as a member of Ankara Keçiörengücü S. K., marking a new chapter in his career. Meanwhile, Ivan Pešić, a footballer born in 1992, parted ways with FC Dinamo Minsk, bringing an end to his membership with the team. Pavel Zuyevich also bid farewell to his club, ending his time as a member of FC Shakhtyor Petrikov on the same day. In a separate development, Dmitry Sviridenko embarked on a new journey, starting his membership with FC Lokomotiv Gomel, all on July 1st, 2022.
Wednesday, June 29th, 2022: Upcoming Transfers to Shake Up Football ClubsOn Friday, July 1st, 2022, several key transfers are expected to take place, reshaping the rosters of various football clubs. Inessa Kaagman will be leaving Brighton & Hove Albion F.C., marking the end of her membership with the team. Meanwhile, Yaroslav Rakitskyi is set to join Adana Demirspor, starting his tenure as a new member. Additionally, Artem Sukhotskyi will be parting ways with FC Chornomorets Odesa, and Anika Rodríguez will no longer be a part of PSV's women's team, both ending their memberships on the same day.
July 2nd, 2022: Yesterday's Sports UpdatesNikita Supranovich and Stanislav Atrashkevich started their membership with FC Arsenal Dzerzhinsk, while Pavel Dolgov began his tenure at FC Atyrau, all on July 1st, 2022. Conversely, Yuriy Kozyrenko's membership with FC Isloch Minsk Raion came to an end on the same day.
On Friday, July 1st, 2022, several notable transfers took place in the football world. Anton Susha began his tenure as a member of FC Slutsk, marking a new chapter in his career. Meanwhile, Francisco Molinero parted ways with Mar Menor FC, ending his membership with the team. Carolina Wolters also bid farewell to her club, concluding her time at Alemannia Aachen. Additionally, Ramazan Isayev ceased to be a member of FC Belshina Bobruisk, bringing his stint with the organization to a close.
On July 1st, 2022, several notable transfers took place in the football world. Dzmitry Baradzin joined FC Ordabasy, while Dani Alves became a member of Club Universidad Nacional. Meanwhile, Jill Duijzer parted ways with Feyenoord and Dembo Darboe ended his stint with FC Shakhtyor Soligorsk, marking the end of their memberships with their respective teams.
Several roster changes occurred on July 1, 2022, in the football world. Pyotr Zgursky and Eduard Zhevnerov parted ways with their respective teams, FC Gomel and FC Slutsk, marking the end of their membership. Meanwhile, Aleksei Kozlov, a young footballer born in 1999, also bid farewell to FC Minsk. In a separate development, Marat Lukjanaŭ embarked on a new journey, starting his membership with FC Belshina Bobruisk on the same day.
Saturday, July 2nd, 2022: Transfer News from YesterdaySeveral key transfers took place on Friday, July 1st, 2022, as Aleksey Butarevich and Jamie Altelaar ended their memberships with FC Dinamo Minsk and AFC Ajax women's team, respectively, while Sékou Doumbia also parted ways with FC Ordabasy. Conversely, Šime Vrsaljko began a new chapter as a member of Olympiacos F. C. on the same day.
Friday, July 8th, 2022: Upcoming Player Transfers AnnouncedIn the coming days, several player transfers are expected to take place. On Monday, July 11th, 2022, Brayann Pereira will be leaving RC Lens, and on the same day, Tibo Herbots will be departing from Royale Union Saint-Gilloise. The following day, Tuesday, July 12th, 2022, Brayann Pereira is set to join AJ Auxerre, while Carlos David will be ending his tenure with Hércules CF.
In recent football transfers, Robert Lewandowski started his membership with FC Barcelona on Wednesday, July 20th, 2022. The following day, İlyas Akan joined Amed S. F. K. as a new member. Meanwhile, two players ended their memberships on Friday, July 22nd, 2022: Kim Min-jae parted ways with Fenerbahçe S. K. and Vedat Muriqi left S. S. Lazio.
In recent football news, several roster changes have taken place. Mame Thiam and João Pedro, a footballer born in 1992, have both started new chapters with their respective national teams, with Thiam joining the Senegal national football team and Pedro becoming a member of the Italy national football team, both changes occurring on Sunday, July 31st, 2022. The following day, Oleksandr Nasonov began his tenure with Pakhtakor Tashkent FK, while Vadim Crîcimari's time with AFC Dacia Unirea Brăila came to an end, as he was no longer a member of the organization, effective Monday, August 1st, 2022.
On August 1st, 2022, several roster changes took place in the sports world. Chloë Vande Velde began her tenure as a member of ADO Den Haag's women's team, while Maksim Shishlov joined Izolator Boguchwała. Conversely, Raymond Adeola's time at FC Gomel came to an end, as he was no longer a member of the team. Similarly, Robert Riza parted ways with AFC Chindia Târgoviște, marking the end of his membership with the organization.
On August 1st, 2022, several notable transfers took place in the football world. Oleksandr Noyok parted ways with Apollon Limassol FC, marking the end of his membership with the team. Meanwhile, Yevhen Bokhashvili and Pavel Pavlyuchenko embarked on new journeys, joining ASC Oțelul Galați and Bruk-Bet Termalica Nieciecza, respectively. Aleksa Matić, a young footballer born in 2002, also started his membership with FC Minsk, kicking off a new chapter in his career.
On August 1st, 2022, several notable transfers took place in the football world. Dana Foederer began her tenure as a member of Fortuna Sittard, while Tess Van Der Flier started her journey with PEC Zwolle's women's team. Meanwhile, Artem Dzyuba joined Adana Demirspor, bolstering their roster. In contrast, Nikita Nikolayevich parted ways with PFC Slavia Sofia, ending his membership with the organization.
Tuesday, July 26th, 2022: Upcoming Football Transfers Announced On August 1st, 2022, several football transfers are expected to take place, as Andrej Lieŭkaviec and Yamoussa Camara will start being members of FC Minsk and FC Isloch Minsk Raion, respectively, while Robert Riza will join CSC 1599 Șelimbăr, also on August 1st, 2022, or Monday, 2022-08-01, as alternatively reported, meanwhile Vadim Milyutin will no longer be a member of FC Dynamo Brest.
Monday, August 8th, 2022: Weekly Sports UpdateSeveral roster changes occurred on Monday, August 1st, 2022, as Plamen Iliev, a footballer born in 1991, ended his membership with FC Hermannstadt, while Pavel Golovenko parted ways with Fc Žodzina-Paŭdniovaje. Conversely, Mu Kanazaki began his tenure with Oita Trinita and Katja Snoeijs joined Everton F.C.'s women's team, marking new beginnings for both athletes.
On August 1st, 2022, several notable membership changes occurred in the sports world. Hildur Antonsdóttir and Ashleigh Weerden began their tenures as members of Fortuna Sittard and AFC Ajax's women's team, respectively. Meanwhile, Andrey Lebedzew started his membership with FC Minsk. In contrast, Oleksandr Kapliyenko's time as a member of FK Auda came to an end on the same day.
On Monday, August 1st, 2022, several roster changes took place in the football world. Sigitas Olberkis parted ways with Dalkurd FF, while Samuel Zimța ended his tenure with FC Zimbru Chișinău. Meanwhile, Andriy Yakovlyev began his membership with Terracina Calcio 1925. Additionally, Maruschka Waldus ceased to be a member of PSV's women's team, all on the same day.
On Monday, August 1st, 2022, several key player transfers took place in the football world. Arnór Ingvi Traustason parted ways with the New England Revolution, marking the end of his tenure with the team. Meanwhile, in Europe, Alexis Sánchez also bid farewell to Inter Milan, bringing his time with the Italian club to a close. In other news, Kehinde Fatai joined the ranks of FC Turan, starting his membership with the team, while Zoran Josipovic began his stint with FC Dinamo Minsk, signaling a new chapter in his career.
In recent football news, several key player movements have taken place. Hazarhan Karaca joined Kocaelispor on Thursday, August 18, 2022, marking the start of his membership with the team. Meanwhile, Davor Matijaš parted ways with Royal Antwerp F. C. on August 19th, 2022, ending his tenure as a member. Just two days later, on Sunday, August 21, 2022, Karim Boudiaf became a member of Al-Duhail SC, and Mohammed Muntari also started his membership with the Qatar national football team on the same day.
Fri, August 19th, 2022: Upcoming Transfers in Qatar Football Scene In a series of anticipated moves set to take place two days from now, on August 21st, 2022, several key players are poised to join new teams. Mohammed Muntari is expected to start his membership with Al-Duhail SC, while Abdulaziz Hatem will be joining Al-Rayyan SC on the same day. Additionally, Boualem Khoukhi will be starting his tenure with Al Sadd SC, also on August 21st, 2022. Furthermore, Khoukhi is slated to become a member of the Qatar national football team, marking a significant development in his career, with this membership also commencing on August 21st, 2022.
Wednesday, August 17th, 2022: Upcoming Football Transfers and MovesIn the coming weeks, several football players are set to make significant moves. Abdulrahman Ghareeb is slated to join two teams, becoming a member of the Saudi Arabia national football team and Al Ahli Saudi FC, both on Tuesday, August 23rd, 2022. Meanwhile, Islam Slimani will be starting his membership with Stade Brestois 29 on August 25th, 2022. On the other hand, Álvaro Narbona Sánchez will be ending his tenure with Antequera CF on Friday, August 26th, 2022.
On Saturday, August 27, 2022, several notable transfers took place in the football world. Abdullah Al-Hafith began his tenure as a member of Al Wehda FC, as well as the Saudi Arabia national under-20 football team, marking a new chapter in his career. Meanwhile, Steven Caulker joined the Sierra Leone national football team, expanding the team's roster. In other news, Roberto Insigne parted ways with Benevento Calcio, bringing an end to his membership with the organization.
On Tuesday, August 30th, 2022, several key roster changes took place in the football world. Mohamed Nahiri and Mohamed Chibi both joined the Morocco national football team, marking the beginning of their tenure with the squad. Meanwhile, Walid Azaro started his membership with Ajman Club on the same day. In a separate development, Simen Juklerød's time with K. R. C. Genk came to an end, as he was no longer a member of the organization, effective Tuesday, August 30th, 2022.
On Tuesday, August 30th, 2022, Soufiane Rahimi and El Mehdi Karnass both joined the Morocco national football team, marking a new chapter in their football careers. The following day, Wednesday, August 31st, 2022, saw two players part ways with their respective teams, as Pedro Lubamba left CD Mirandés B and Abdoulaye Seck ended his tenure with Royal Antwerp F.C.
Thursday, September 1st, 2022: Sports Updates Percy Liza has ended membership with Sporting Cristal, while Christian Atsu and Yahya Jabrane have started their memberships with Hatayspor and Wydad AC, respectively, Víctor Casadesús also ended membership with Inter Club d' Escaldes.
On September 1st, 2022, several notable transfers took place in the football world. Vladyslav Pavlenko joined FC Rubikon Kyiv, while Héctor Bellerín parted ways with Arsenal F. C. and signed with FC Barcelona. Meanwhile, Marcelo, the seasoned footballer born in 1988, became a member of Olympiacos F. C. These moves mark significant changes in the rosters of the respective teams, setting the stage for an exciting season ahead.
On Thursday, September 1, 2022, several notable transfers took place in the football world. Alexandru Dușmanu and Karim El Berkaoui began their tenures with ACS Flacăra Horezu and Al Raed FC, respectively, marking the start of their memberships with their new teams. Meanwhile, Ismail El Haddad also started his membership with Al-Khor SC on the same day. In other news, Kirill Zinovich's time with FC Lokomotiv Moscow came to an end, as he was no longer a member of the organization, effective Thursday, September 1, 2022.
Thursday, 2022-09-01: Football Transfer NewsShoya Nakajima has parted ways with FC Porto, ending his membership with the organization, effective today. Meanwhile, Achraf Bencharki has joined Al Jazira Club, starting his membership with the team, also as of today. Additionally, Driss Fettouhi and Ismail El Haddad have begun their memberships with Al-Markhiya SC and the Morocco national football team, respectively, on this same day.
On September 1st, 2022, several key transfers took place in the football world. Walid El Karti and Karim El Berkaoui both joined Morocco's rival clubs, with El Karti starting his membership with Pyramids FC, while El Berkaoui began his tenure with the Morocco national football team, alongside Ayman El Hassouni who also started his membership on the same day. Meanwhile, Ion Nicolaescu's time with FC DAC 1904 Dunajská Streda came to an end, as he was no longer a member of the organization, marking a significant change in the team's lineup.
On Thursday, September 1st, 2022, several roster changes took place in the football world. Ilya Shkurin's tenure with Raków Częstochowa came to an end, as he was no longer a member of the team. Meanwhile, Samuel Zimța began his membership with FC Ripensia Timișoara, and Bilal El Khannous started his journey with the Morocco national under-23 football team. Yegor Filipenko also parted ways with his former team, FC Shakhtyor Soligorsk, marking the end of his membership.
On September 2nd, 2022, several key player transfers were announced. Aymen Dahmen officially started as a member of CS Sfaxien, while Bechir Ben Saïd joined the Tunisia national football team. Meanwhile, Achraf Dari began his tenure at Stade Brestois 29. Across the border, Hamza El Moussaoui started his membership with the Morocco national football team, marking a significant shift in the regional football landscape.
On Saturday, 2022-09-03, several footballers embarked on new journeys with their respective teams. Rostislav Shavel began his membership with Fc Faĺko Čarkasy, while Ali Abdi joined Stade Malherbe Caen. Meanwhile, Mohamed Ali Ben Romdhane started his tenure with the Tunisia national football team, and Hamza Mathlouthi became a part of Zamalek SC, all on the same day.
On Saturday, September 3rd, 2022, several key player signings were announced. Hamza Rafia and Ali Abdi, both notable footballers, officially started their membership with the Tunisia national football team. Similarly, Mohamed Amine Ben Hamida also joined the Tunisia national football team on the same day. Meanwhile, Mohamed Ali Ben Romdhane began his tenure as a member of Espérance Sportive de Tunis, marking a significant development in the team's roster, also on September 3rd, 2022.
On Wednesday, September 7th, 2022, Saad Bguir joined two teams, becoming a member of both Abha Club and the Tunisia national football team. The same day, Keira Walsh parted ways with Manchester City W. F. C. On Thursday, September 8th, 2022, Aleksey Tarakanov started his membership with FC Traktor Minsk.
On September 10th, 2022, several key player transfers were announced. Tarik Tissoudali officially started his membership with K. A. A. Gent. Meanwhile, the Morocco national football team welcomed two new members, Souffian El Karouani and Ryan Mmaee, to their roster. In another development, Joe Wollacott began his tenure as a member of Charlton Athletic F. C.
Monday, September 12, 2022 - Weekend Sports UpdateAleksey Kolesnik joined Fc Polack, while Tarik Tissoudali became a member of the Morocco national football team, and Ryan Mmaee started with Ferencvárosi TC, all on Saturday, September 10, 2022, alongside Abdul Manaf Nurudeen who began his tenure at K. A. S. Eupen the same day.
In a flurry of activity in the football world, several key personnel moves were announced. Massimiliano Allegri's tenure with Juventus F. C. came to an end on Thursday, September 22, 2022. Meanwhile, Aleksey Rios joined Fc Sdjušar-3 Bfst Dynama on the same day, Thursday, September 22, 2022. Ruslan Lisakovich also started his membership with the Belarus national football team on September 22nd, 2022. Just two days later, on Saturday, September 24th, 2022, Aleksandr Tarasenya became a member of FC Ivatsevichi.
On Saturday, September 24th, 2022, several notable individuals began new affiliations with various organizations. Vyacheslav Krivulets started as a member of Fc Baboŭnia, while Dzmitry Rabtsaw joined Fc Homieĺski Dosliedny Liashas. Vladislav Borisenko also commenced his membership with FC Vertikal Kalinkovichi on the same day. Additionally, Connor Metcalfe became a part of the Australia men's national soccer team, marking a new chapter in his career.
Sunday, October 2nd, 2022: Recent Football Team UpdatesMikita Sakaloŭski and Anton Suchkow recently joined the Belarus national under-21 football team, starting their membership on September 27th, 2022. Youcef Belaïli's time at Stade Brestois 29 came to an end on September 29th, 2022, as he is no longer a member of the organization. Meanwhile, Nicholas D' Agostino started his membership with Melbourne Victory FC on September 30th, 2022.
On Friday, September 30, 2022, Marco Tilio began his tenure as a member of Melbourne City FC, while Nicholas D'Agostino joined the Australia men's national soccer team on the same day. The following day, Saturday, October 1, 2022, saw significant changes as Gonzalo Higuaín parted ways with Inter Miami CF, marking the end of his membership with the team. Meanwhile, Semen Smunev embarked on a new journey, starting his membership with Fc Vialies-2020.
On Saturday, October 1st, 2022, several notable changes occurred in the world of football. Chigozie Udoji's tenure with Welling United F.C. came to an end, as he was no longer a member of the team. Meanwhile, Pavel Vakulich embarked on a new journey, starting his membership with Fc Juni. Franck Ribéry also parted ways with his former team, U.S. Salernitana 1919, marking the end of his time with the organization. In contrast, Aref Gholami began a new chapter, starting his membership with the Iran national football team, joining his new teammates on the same day.
On October 1st, 2022, Gabriel Tamaș parted ways with FC Petrolul Ploiești, marking the end of his membership with the team. The following day, October 2nd, 2022, saw a flurry of new signings, as Pa Omar Jobe and Konstantin Rudenok both joined FC Neman Grodno, while Denis Yakhno started his membership with Fc Homieĺski Dosliedny Liashas, all on the same Sunday.
On Sunday, October 16th, 2022, several notable footballers began new chapters in their careers. Henry Martín officially started as a member of the Mexico national football team, while Mark Harris, a Welsh footballer, joined the Wales national football team on the same day. Meanwhile, Kristijan Lovrić became a member of NK Osijek, and Kang Seong-jin started his tenure with FC Seoul, both also occurring on October 16th, 2022.
Saturday, October 15th, 2022: Football Transfers Unfold as New Week ApproachesOn October 16th, 2022, Henry Martín and Jorge Sánchez, a notable footballer born in 1997, are set to start their membership with Club América and the Mexico national football team, respectively. The following day, October 17th, 2022, will see Motaz Hawsawi joining Al Taawoun FC, while Omar Al Somah will begin his tenure at Al-Arabi SC in Qatar.
October 30th, 2022: Football Transfers Unfold on Busy DayJewison Bennette has started his membership with Sunderland A. F. C. as of today, October 30th, 2022. Meanwhile, Brandon Aguilera has also begun his tenure at Nottingham Forest F. C., with the transfer taking effect on the same day, Sunday, October 30th, 2022. In international football, Orlando Galo has joined the Costa Rica national football team, effective Sunday, October 30th, 2022. Additionally, Jewison Bennette has also become a member of the Costa Rica national football team, as of Sunday, 2022-10-30.
In recent football news, several roster changes have taken place. Brandon Aguilera joined the Costa Rica national football team on October 30, 2022, while Artur Slabashevich started his membership with FC Belshina Bobruisk on the same day. Meanwhile, Alexandre Pato's time with Orlando City SC came to an end on November 1, 2022, and Semyon Shestilovsky also parted ways with FC Slavia Mozyr on the same day, November 1, 2022.
On November 1st, 2022, several roster changes occurred in the football world. Nikita Supranovich and Stanislav Atrashkevich both ended their membership with FC Arsenal Dzerzhinsk, marking a significant shift for the team. Meanwhile, Dmitry Baga parted ways with FC Gomel. In international news, Ahmed Alaaeldin joined the Qatar national football team, starting his membership on the same day, November 1st, 2022.
In recent football news, Iĺja Fiedarenka and Dmitry Nekrashevich have parted ways with their respective teams, with Fiedarenka ending his membership with FC Rogachev and Nekrashevich leaving FC Naftan Novopolotsk, both on November 1st, 2022. Meanwhile, new signings have been announced, as Bassam Al-Rawi joined Al-Duhail SC on November 2nd, 2022, and Abdullah Al-Ahrak started his tenure with the Qatar national football team on the same day.
On Wednesday, November 9th, 2022, several key player moves were announced. Mohammed Waad officially started his membership with the Qatar national football team. Meanwhile, Al Sadd SC welcomed two new members, Musab Kheder and Yusuf Abdurisag, to their roster. Notably, Yusuf Abdurisag also began his tenure as a member of the Qatar national football team, marking a significant development for both the team and the player.
On November 12th, 2022, several notable transfers took place in the football world. Vitaly Novik began his tenure as a member of FC Belcard Grodno, while Yan Senkevich joined the ranks of Olimpia Elbląg. Meanwhile, Mikhail Babichev became a part of Nõmme Kalju FC, and Yury Pavlyukovets started his membership with FC Neman Grodno, marking a new chapter for each of these athletes with their respective teams.
On Saturday, November 12th, 2022, several footballers embarked on new journeys with their respective teams. Roman Lisovsky began his tenure as a member of FC Vitebsk, while Alyaksandr Kuhan started his membership with FC Mauerwerk. Meanwhile, Yegor Semyonov and Terentiy Lutsevich joined FC Smorgon and FC Naftan Novopolotsk, respectively, as the football community witnessed a flurry of new signings on this day.
Monday, November 7th, 2022: Upcoming Week in Sports PreviewOn Saturday, November 12th, 2022, several notable transfers are expected to take place. Artur Kats will start his membership with FC Naftan Novopolotsk, while Anatol Makaraw joins FC Torpedo-BelAZ Zhodino. Additionally, Pavel Klenyo is set to become a member of FC Rogachev and Anton Suchkow will start his tenure at FC Neman Grodno, all on the same day.
In a series of recent developments, Jassem Gaber joined Al-Arabi SC in Qatar on Monday, November 14, 2022, marking the beginning of his membership with the team. On the same day, he also became a part of the Qatar national under-23 football team. The following day, November 15, 2022, Mostafa Meshaal, a fellow footballer, started his tenure with the same Qatar national under-23 football team. Additionally, on Tuesday, November 15, 2022, Meshaal began his membership with Al Sadd SC, further solidifying his presence in Qatar's football scene.
On Sunday, November 20th, 2022, Gleb Shevchenko began his tenure as a member of the Belarus national football team. The following day, Monday, November 21st, 2022, saw a flurry of new memberships, as Anass Zaroury joined both the Morocco national football team and Burnley F.C., while Enner Valencia started his membership with Fenerbahçe S.K.'s football team, all on the same day.
In recent football news, several roster changes have taken place. Kim Tae-hwan, a footballer born in 1989, joined Ulsan Hyundai FC on November 23rd, 2022. The following day, November 24th, saw two national teams announce new members: Kwon Kyung-won started with the South Korea national football team, while Jérémy Doku began his tenure with the Belgium national football team, with the latter's announcement specifying the date as 2022-11-24. Meanwhile, Oliver Berg parted ways with Kalmar FF on Thursday, November 24th, 2022, marking the end of his membership with the team.
In recent football developments, several key players have joined new teams. Enner Valencia became a member of the Ecuador national football team on Friday, November 25th, 2022. The following day, Douglas López started with C. S. Herediano, while Nader Ghandri and Yoon Jong-gyu joined the Tunisia national football team and South Korea national football team, respectively, both on Saturday, November 26th, 2022.
On Saturday, November 26th, 2022, several key membership changes took place in the football world. Álvaro Zamora and Douglas López both started their tenure as members of the Costa Rica national football team, marking a new era for the squad. Meanwhile, Nader Ghandri began his membership with Club Africain, and Shaq Moore joined Nashville SC, all on the same day, November 26th, 2022.
On Saturday, November 26th, 2022, several key player transfers were announced. Kim Moon-hwan officially started as a member of Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors, while Shaq Moore began his tenure with the United States men's national soccer team. Meanwhile, Wajdi Kechrida joined Atromitos F.C., and Yoon Jong-gyu became a member of FC Seoul, all on the same day.
On Sunday, November 27th, 2022, several roster changes occurred in the soccer world. Vitaly Lisakovich joined FC Rubin Kazan, while Joel Waterman and Mark-Anthony Kaye became new members of the Canada men's national soccer team. Meanwhile, Amine El Ouazzani parted ways with Football Bourg-en-Bresse Péronnas 01, ending his tenure with the team.
Renato Paiva's tenure with Club León came to an end on Monday, November 28th, 2022, as he ceased to work for the organization. The same day, Max Kruse parted ways with VfL Wolfsburg, ending his membership with the team. Meanwhile, Dayne St. Clair began a new chapter, starting his membership with Minnesota United FC, also on Monday, November 28th, 2022. Later in the week, on Wednesday, November 30th, 2022, Strahinja Eraković joined the Serbia national football team, marking the beginning of his membership with the squad.
On November 30, 2022, Mateusz Wieteska began his tenure as a member of both Clermont Foot and the Poland national football team. The following day, December 1, 2022, saw two players part ways with their respective teams, as Kazuma Watanabe ended his membership with Yokohama FC and Amirbek Juraboev left United City F.C.
Wed, December 7th, 2022: Soccer Team Updates On Thursday, December 1st, 2022, several changes occurred in the soccer world. Konstantin Malitsky ended his membership with FC Energetik-BGU Minsk, while Jakov Filipović and Robert Riza also parted ways with their respective teams, FC BATE Borisov and CSC 1599 Șelimbăr. In contrast, Jonathan Osorio began his tenure as a member of the Canada men's national soccer team.
On Thursday, December 1st, 2022, several roster changes occurred in the soccer world. Sam Adekugbe started his membership with the Canada men's national soccer team. Meanwhile, Daniel Sosah ended his tenure with FC Isloch Minsk Raion, also on December 1st, 2022. Maksim Samatoj and Yevgeny Kozel similarly parted ways with their respective teams, FC Dinamo Minsk and FC Shakhtyor Soligorsk, both on Thursday, December 1st, 2022.
On Thursday, December 1st, 2022, several roster changes occurred in the football world. Albert Mikhaylov's tenure with FC Energetik-BGU Minsk came to an end, as he was no longer a member of the team. Meanwhile, Nikolay Zolotov embarked on a new journey, starting his membership with FC Kolos Kovalivka. Additionally, Zaim Divanović and Vladyslav Pavlenko also parted ways with their respective teams, FC Shakhtyor Soligorsk and FC Rubikon Kyiv, marking the end of their memberships on the same day.
On December 1st, 2022, several roster changes occurred in the soccer world. Aliaksiej Siamionaŭ and Dražen Bagarić parted ways with their respective teams, FC Energetik-BGU Minsk and FC Honka, marking the end of their membership with these organizations. Similarly, Aleksandr Frantsev's tenure with FC Smorgon came to a close. In contrast, Steven Vitória began a new chapter as a member of the Canada men's national soccer team, starting his membership on the same day.
On December 1st, 2022, several roster changes took place in the football world. Jaŭhien Sakuta parted ways with FC Neman Grodno, marking the end of his membership with the team. Conversely, Michał Skóraś began his tenure with the Poland national football team, while Tajon Buchanan started his membership with the Canada men's national soccer team. Additionally, Yevgeniy Voyna's time with FC Lokomotiv Gomel came to a close, as he ended his membership with the organization.
On December 1st, 2022, several high-profile departures rocked the football world. Pavel Dolgov's tenure with FC Atyrau came to an end, as he was no longer a member of the team. Meanwhile, FC Dinamo Minsk bid farewell to two of its own, as Vladislav Lozhkin and Igor Zayats both ended their membership with the club on the same day. Across the border, Kehinde Fatai's time with FC Turan also drew to a close, marking a significant change for the team.
November 28th, 2022: Upcoming Football Transfers and Current Roster ChangesMikita Jeraminak is set to leave FC Isloch Minsk Raion as a member in a few days, on December 1st, 2022. Later that week, on December 3rd, 2022, Pascal Struijk will be joining Leeds United F. C. as a new member, while Sebastián Córdova will start being a member of both Tigres UANL and the Mexico national football team on the same day.
On Monday, December 5th, 2022, Tommy Semmy joined two teams, becoming a member of the Papua New Guinea national football team and Altona Magic SC. Meanwhile, Jean-Philippe Saïko also started his membership with two organizations, AS Magenta and the New Caledonia national football team, on the same day.
On the first day of the new year, January 1st, 2022, several high-profile musicians announced their departure from their respective bands. David Young, guitarist, ended his membership with Element of Crime, while Nita Strauss parted ways with Alice Cooper's band. Meanwhile, Eison Chai also bid farewell to 87Band. The following day, January 2nd, 2022, Ana Bejerano announced that she was no longer a member of Mocedades, marking another significant change in the music world.
In recent months, several notable lineup changes have occurred in the music world. Taylor Hawkins ended his membership with Foo Fighters on Friday, March 25, 2022. Just a week later, on Friday, April 1, 2022, Guillem Boltó Grande parted ways with Doctor Prats. Later in the year, on August 27th, 2022, Keno left Moop Mama. On a more positive note, Richard Thurston joined As Friends Rust as a new member on Thursday, September 1, 2022.
On January 1st, 2022, the International Science Council welcomed three new members, including the Colombian Academy of Exact, Physical, and Natural Sciences, the Brazilian Academy of Sciences, and the Latvian Academy of Sciences. Meanwhile, the Academy of Sciences and Arts of Kosovo began its membership with the InterAcademy Partnership on the same day, marking a significant expansion of global scientific collaborations.
In a significant development for the global scientific community, several prestigious academies and organizations have expanded their affiliations. As of January 1st, 2022, the Kenya National Academy Of Sciences and the Mongolian Academy of Sciences have both become members of the esteemed International Science Council. Meanwhile, the Chilean Academy Of Sciences has joined the InterAmerican Network of Academies of Sciences, also effective January 1st, 2022. Additionally, the International Commission on Illumination has started its membership with the International Science Council, marking a new era of collaboration and cooperation in the scientific world.
Friday, December 31st, 2021: Anticipated New Year's Day Marked by Forthcoming Scientific Collaborations As the world prepares to usher in the new year, several esteemed academies are poised to embark on new memberships, effective January 1st, 2022. The Academia De Ciencias Médicas, Físicas Y Naturales De Guatemala and the Cuban Academy of Sciences will commence their membership with the InterAmerican Network of Academies of Sciences. Meanwhile, the Academy of Sciences of Albania and the Macedonian Academy of Sciences and Arts are set to start their membership with the International Science Council, signaling a promising start to the year for international scientific cooperation.
On January 1st, 2022, several prestigious institutions marked the beginning of new affiliations. The Transnational Institute and the National Research Foundation of South Africa both started their membership with the International Science Council. Meanwhile, the Academia Nacional de Ciencias of Costa Rica became a part of the InterAmerican Network of Academies of Sciences, and the Chinese Academy of Sciences joined the InterAcademy Partnership, expanding their respective networks and collaborative opportunities.
On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, the InterAcademy Partnership welcomed two new members: the Armenian National Academy of Sciences and the Latin American Academy Of Sciences, both of which officially started their membership on this day. Meanwhile, the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences began its membership with the International Science Council on the same day. The Union of German Academies of Sciences and Humanities also joined the InterAcademy Partnership, marking January 1st, 2022, as the start of its membership.
In a series of significant developments on January 1st, 2022, several prestigious academies expanded their global reach. The Armenian National Academy of Sciences officially became a member of the Association Of Academies And Societies Of Sciences In Asia, while the Rwanda Academy Of Sciences and the National Academy of Sciences of Belarus both joined the InterAcademy Partnership. Meanwhile, the Hungarian Academy of Sciences commenced its membership with the International Science Council, marking a new era of collaboration and knowledge sharing among these esteemed institutions.
Wed, 2022-01-05: Academies Join International OrganizationsOn January 1st, 2022, the National Academy Of Exact, Physical And Natural Sciences Of Peru became a member of the InterAmerican Network of Academies of Sciences. The same day, the Chilean Academy Of Sciences and the Academy of Sciences of Uzbekistan joined the International Science Council, with both events taking place on a Saturday. Meanwhile, the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences started its membership with the InterAcademy Partnership, also on January 1st, 2022.
On January 1st, 2022, several prestigious academies marked the beginning of new affiliations. The National Academy of Sciences of Belarus started its membership with the International Science Council, while the Russian Academy of Sciences, the Venezuelan Academy Of Physical, Mathematical And Natural Sciences, and the German National Academy of Sciences Leopoldina all began their memberships with the InterAcademy Partnership, signaling a significant expansion of global scientific cooperation.
January 2, 2022 - Yesterday's Developments: Université du Québec en Abitibi-Témiscamingue and Moulay Ismail University joined Agence universitaire de la Francophonie, while University of the Witwatersrand became a member of Association of African Universities, all on January 1st, 2022. Meanwhile, Aleh Talerchyk's membership with BYPOL came to an end on the same day.
Thursday, 2022-01-06: International University Memberships See Recent ExpansionOn January 1st, 2022, Sofia University, Université Laval, University of Belgrade, and Graduate Institute of International and Development Studies all started being members of the Agence universitaire de la Francophonie, marking a significant expansion of the organization's international reach, with these new members joining on the first day of the year, as recorded on Saturday, January 1st, 2022, and simply January 1st, 2022, in other accounts, all of which confirm the simultaneous start of their membership.
Sun, January 2nd, 2022: Universities Expand International AffiliationsYesterday, on Saturday, January 1st, 2022, the National University of Colombia, Beirut Arab University, and Pontificia Universidad Javeriana became members of the Agence universitaire de la Francophonie, while Garden City University College joined the Association of African Universities on the same day, January 1st, 2022.
Thu, December 30th, 2021: Upcoming University Memberships to Take Effect on January 1stOn January 1st, 2022, Qatar University and the University of Kara are set to become the newest members of the Agence universitaire de la Francophonie, while Addis Ababa University and Addis Ababa Science and Technology University will join the Association of African Universities, marking a significant expansion of both organizations.
In a significant development in the academic world, several institutions have joined prominent organizations, marking a new era of collaboration and cooperation. The University of Sousse and the University of Lubumbashi, as well as Pompeu Fabra University, have all become members of the Agence universitaire de la Francophonie, effective January 1st, 2022. Meanwhile, the Higher Institute of Mining, Industry and Geology has joined the Association of African Universities on the same day, expanding its network and opportunities for growth. These new memberships are expected to foster greater exchange and innovation among the institutions and their respective organizations.
On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, several prestigious institutions joined the esteemed Agence universitaire de la Francophonie. Birzeit University and Saarland University, both renowned for their academic excellence, started their membership on this day, with the exact date recorded as Sat, 2022-01-01. Meanwhile, École nationale supérieure des sciences agronomiques de Bordeaux Aquitaine and Grenoble School of Management also commenced their affiliation, with their membership commencement dates noted as Sat, January 1st, 2022, and Saturday, January 1st, 2022, respectively.
On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, several institutions joined prestigious organizations, marking a new era in academic collaboration. Institut Polytechnique Rural De Formation Et De Recherche Appliquée, École normale supérieure de Lyon, and ESCP Business School all became members of the Agence universitaire de la Francophonie, solidifying their commitment to French-language academic excellence. Meanwhile, the University of Calabar started its membership with the Association of African Universities, expanding its reach within the African academic community.
On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, several universities expanded their international affiliations. Al-Zaytoonah University of Jordan and Yerevan State University both joined the Agence universitaire de la Francophonie, while the Federal University of Paraíba also became a member of the same organization, all on the same day. Meanwhile, the Central University of Technology started its membership with the Association of African Universities, further solidifying its ties with other academic institutions on the continent.
January 1st, 2022: New Year Sees University Memberships BloomOn this very day, several institutions have embarked on new affiliations, as the University of Corsica Pasquale Paoli, Lusaka Apex Medical University, and Gheorghe Asachi Technical University of Iași have all started their memberships in prestigious organizations, with the University of Corsica Pasquale Paoli and Gheorghe Asachi Technical University of Iași joining the Agence universitaire de la Francophonie, alongside Savoy Mont Blanc University, which also commenced its membership in the Agence universitaire de la Francophonie today, while Lusaka Apex Medical University began its membership in the Association of African Universities.
On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, several universities expanded their international affiliations. Ean University and Yarmouk University both joined the Agence universitaire de la Francophonie, while the University Of Parakou became a member of the Association of African Universities. Additionally, the National University of Modern Languages also started its membership with the Agence universitaire de la Francophonie, marking a new beginning for these institutions in the new year.
On January 1st, 2022, a significant expansion occurred within the Agence universitaire de la Francophonie as several prestigious institutions joined its ranks. The University of Aleppo, the University of the Republic in Uruguay, Setif 1 University, and Cadi Ayyad University all commenced their membership, bolstering the organization's global presence and academic diversity.
On January 1st, 2022, several universities expanded their international affiliations. The University of the West Indies and EHESP both joined the Agence universitaire de la Francophonie, while the University of Dodoma and the National University of Science and Technology, Zimbabwe became members of the Association of African Universities.
In a significant development on Saturday, January 1st, 2022, several universities expanded their international affiliations. The University of Energy and Natural Resources and Tamale Technical University both became members of the prestigious Association of African Universities, marking a new era of cooperation and collaboration. Meanwhile, the University of Gezira also joined the Association of African Universities on the same day, further strengthening ties within the African academic community. Additionally, the University Of Food Technologies commenced its membership with the Agence universitaire de la Francophonie, signaling its commitment to francophone academic exchange and development.
On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, the Agence universitaire de la Francophonie welcomed several new member institutions. The Federal University of Goiás and Shahid Beheshti University formally began their membership, marking a significant expansion of the organization's global reach. Additionally, Ovidius University and the University of Lagos also started their membership on the same day, with the exact timing coinciding with the start of the new year.
On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, several universities expanded their international affiliations. Al-Mustansiriya University and Titu Maiorescu University both became members of the Agence universitaire de la Francophonie, strengthening their ties with the global Francophone academic community. Meanwhile, Mekelle University and the University of Science and Technology Houari Boumediene joined the Association of African Universities, solidifying their connections with other prominent African institutions.
December 27th, 2021: Upcoming New Year to Bring New Memberships to Prestigious OrganizationsOn Saturday, January 1st, 2022, the Centre Of Biotechnology Of Sfax and École Nationale des Chartes will start being members of the Agence universitaire de la Francophonie. Also on January 1st, 2022, the Federal University of Technology Akure and St. Augustine University of Tanzania will become part of the Association of African Universities, marking a new beginning for these institutions in the new year.
Tuesday, 2022-01-04: International University Memberships See New Additions Over WeekendOn Saturday, 2022-01-01, the School for Advanced Studies in the Social Sciences and Shahid Beheshti University of Medical Sciences both began their membership with the Agence universitaire de la Francophonie. The same day, the Association of African Universities welcomed two new institutions, Suez Canal University and the University of Namibia, as they started their membership.
On January 1st, 2022, several universities expanded their international affiliations. Alexandru Ioan Cuza University, Sookmyung Women's University, and University of Jendouba all began their membership with the Agence universitaire de la Francophonie, highlighting their commitment to francophone academic cooperation. Meanwhile, the University of Antananarivo started its membership with the Association of African Universities, strengthening ties with other African institutions. These new partnerships are expected to foster collaboration and exchange among the universities.
On January 1st, 2022, several institutions expanded their international affiliations. Rivers State University formally joined the Association of African Universities, marking a new chapter in its academic collaborations. Meanwhile, the Agence universitaire de la Francophonie welcomed three new members: the University of Barcelona, Collège La Cité, and St. Clement of Ohrid University of Bitola, all of which commenced their membership on the same day, Saturday, January 1st, 2022.
On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, several notable individuals marked the end of their affiliations with various organizations. Yunus Ahmed formally ended his working relationship with Utrecht University, while Esmael Habtamu Ali and Siana Nkya both concluded their memberships with the Aas Affiliates Programme. Meanwhile, Gustaf Edgren also parted ways with the Young Academy Of Sweden, bringing an end to his membership on the same day.
In a series of departures that took place on Saturday, 2022-01-01, several notable individuals bid farewell to their respective institutions. Alexandra Papaioannou and Francesco F Summa ended their tenure at McMaster University and the University of Salerno, respectively, marking the conclusion of their working relationships with these organizations. Meanwhile, Kongye Lu parted ways with Northern Jiangsu People's Hospital, also on the same day. Additionally, Cyndi Shein's stint at the University of Nevada, Las Vegas came to a close on 2022-01-01, as she ceased to work for the institution.
In a series of recent departures, several academics have ended their tenure at various institutions. Vairakannu Tamizhazhagan and Francesca Panin both concluded their work at their respective organizations on Sunday, January 2, 2022, with Tamizhazhagan leaving Syed Ammal Arts And Science College and Panin departing Anglia Ruskin University's Cambridge Campus. Later that week, on January 6, 2022, Ial Slurink and Johan Bjureberg also ended their affiliations, with Slurink leaving Tilburg University and Bjureberg departing Stanford University.
Several notable career changes occurred in recent weeks. Dan Liu's tenure at Los Alamos National Laboratory came to an end on January 14, 2022. The following day, Imene Ben Toumia parted ways with the University of Monastir. Meanwhile, Ignacio A Wichmann embarked on a new chapter, starting work at Stanford University School of Medicine on January 17, 2022. Qi Dou also moved on, ending an association with Imperial College London on January 22, 2022.
Mon, January 31st, 2022: Notable Departures Mark the End of the MonthAs the month comes to a close, several notable individuals have parted ways with their respective institutions. Xiaoyu Zhou and Jia Wang have both ended their tenure at Tsinghua University, effective today, January 31st, 2022. Meanwhile, Catalina Vargas-Acevedo is no longer working for Fundación Santa Fe De Bogotá, also as of today, January 31st, 2022. Additionally, D T Ta has bid farewell to the University of Wollongong, marking the end of their time at the institution on this same day.
On Monday, January 31st, 2022, Marek Jaskólski and Xue-Quan Zhou ended their tenure at the University of Wrocław and the Mario Negri Institute for Pharmacological Research, respectively, marking a significant shift in the academic landscape. Meanwhile, Leonardo Pinto also bid farewell to his position at the Faculdade de Medicina de Ribeirão Preto on the same day. The following day, Tuesday, February 1st, 2022, Sangsu Bae parted ways with Hanyang University, as another institution said goodbye to a valued member of its team.
On Tuesday, February 1st, 2022, several high-profile academics bid farewell to their respective institutions. Xun Fang ended their tenure at Chungnam National University, while Kévin Moreau parted ways with the University of Gothenburg. Meanwhile, Farzin Sahebjam concluded their work at Massey University, and Zhen Zhou moved on from the Menzies Institute for Medical Research, all on the same day.
February 1st, 2022: Notable Departures in AcademiaYun Kit Yeoh has ended their tenure at the Chinese University of Hong Kong as of today. Meanwhile, Stuart Innes is set to leave King's College Hospital tomorrow, on February 2nd, 2022. Later this month, Precious N Egbuikwem will be departing from the University of Surrey on Tuesday, February 8th, 2022, and Pablo Guzmán will leave Griffith University Griffith Sciences on Friday, February 11th, 2022.
Several high-profile academics have recently parted ways with their respective institutions. Muhammad Shafiq is no longer affiliated with Shantou University Medical College as of February 15th, 2022. Just a few days later, on February 19th, 2022, Yonas Yimam ended his tenure at Tehran University of Medical Sciences. Klaus Boehnke also moved on from the Higher School of Economics, with his departure taking place on Thursday, February 24th, 2022. Meanwhile, Guillaume Larivière-Gauthier bid farewell to the Conservatoire national des arts et métiers on Monday, February 28th, 2022.
Tuesday, 2022-03-01: Multiple Resignations Reported on Previous DayRafał Białek, Alma N Rodríguez-Alcocer, Maria Eleni Sakavitsi, and Rodolfo Ferreira Queiroz Melo all ended their working relationships with their respective organizations on Monday, February 28th, 2022. Rafał Białek is no longer working for Adam Mickiewicz University in Poznań, while Alma N Rodríguez-Alcocer has left The American British Cowdray Medical Center. Meanwhile, Maria Eleni Sakavitsi has parted ways with National and Kapodistrian University of Athens, and Rodolfo Ferreira Queiroz Melo is no longer affiliated with Irmandade Da Santa Casa De Misericórdia De São Paulo.
In a series of departures, several notable individuals have ended their tenure at their respective institutions. Alan L Reyes-Mondragon is no longer affiliated with Hospital Universitario Dr José Eleuterio Gonzalez, while Abu Zafar Al Munsur has parted ways with Incheon National University. Additionally, Hyeok Choi has left his position at Severance Hospital, and Enrico Gavagnin is no longer working at the University of Bristol. All of these changes occurred on Monday, February 28th, 2022.
In a series of recent departures, several academics have left their positions at prominent universities. Endre Grøvik is no longer working at Oslo University Hospital, effective Monday, February 28, 2022. The same day, Mohammad Yaseen Ahmad ended his tenure at Kyungpook National University. The following day, Tuesday, March 1, 2022, saw two more departures: Pushan Bag left Umeå University, while Yuji Kumagai departed from Hokkaido University, also on March 1st, 2022.
On March 1st, 2022, several notable individuals parted ways with their respective institutions. T Miyano ended his tenure at Imperial College London, while Denys Matheus Santana Costa Souza concluded his work at the Federal University of Lavras. Haruo Kasai also bid farewell to the University of Tokyo on the same day. Meanwhile, Arvid Pourlotfi's stint at Örebro University Hospital came to a close, marking a significant change in the careers of these individuals.
Thu, March 3rd, 2022: Notable Departures Rock Institutions WorldwideOn Tuesday, 2022-03-01, Joana Zorzal Nodari ended her tenure at the Federal University of Espírito Santo. The following day, Wednesday, 2022-03-02, Dayane Helen Ferreira Silva bid farewell to the Federal University of São João del-Rei. Today, Thu, 2022-03-03, Iain D Milligan ceased working for Public Health England. Meanwhile, an upcoming departure is scheduled for Saturday, with Luciana I. N. Tomé set to leave the University of Coimbra on March 5th, 2022.
In a series of recent departures, several notable researchers have ended their affiliations with prominent institutions. Laurie Peverini parted ways with the Pasteur Institute on March 28th, 2022. The following day, Juntai Liu concluded their tenure at the University of Warwick. Tingting Bao then left Zhejiang University on Wednesday, March 30th, 2022, and Sarthak Nag followed suit, ending their work with the Japan Society for the Promotion of Science on Thursday, March 31st, 2022.
On Thursday, March 31st, 2022, a series of departures were noted in the academic and professional communities. Manuela Leri ended her tenure at Fondazione Umberto Veronesi, while Motonori Matsusaki concluded his work at Tohoku University. Similarly, Hafiz Muhammad Adeel Sharif ceased working at Shenzhen University and Nikolaus Doppelhammer parted ways with Johannes Kepler University Linz, all on the same day, marking a significant shuffle in personnel across various institutions.
On March 31st, 2022, several academics bid farewell to their respective institutions as Jian Dai ended his tenure at Shinshu University, Stefan Lohse concluded his work at Saarland University, Erdi Calli departed from Radboud University Medical Center, and Sergii Snegir left the University of Konstanz, marking the end of their working relationships with these organizations.
Sat, March 26th, 2022: Upcoming Academic Departures AnnouncedOn Thursday, March 31st, 2022, several notable academics will be leaving their respective institutions, marking the end of their tenure. Ai Nagahama will no longer be working for Kyushu University, while Andrea Dissegna will be departing from the University of Trieste and Fiorella Cravero will be leaving Universidad Nacional del Sur. Additionally, Hiep Hoang Ly's term with the Japan Society for the Promotion of Science will also be coming to a close on the same day.
On April 1st, 2022, several notable professionals marked the end of their tenure with their respective institutions. Federica Cavazzoni's stint at the University of Milano-Bicocca came to a close on March 31st, 2022, just a day before Igor R. Efimov bid farewell to George Washington University. Meanwhile, Gitte Hedermann and Clémentine Pernot also ended their work engagements, with Hedermann leaving Rigshospitalet and Pernot departing from Université Laval, both on April 1st, 2022.
On April 1st, 2022, several notable researchers parted ways with their respective institutions. Daniel Woike ended his tenure at the University Medical Center Hamburg-Eppendorf, while Olivier Champagne bid farewell to the French National Centre for Scientific Research. Meanwhile, Eloise Williams concluded her work at the Malaghan Institute of Medical Research, and Benjamin S Sajdak left the Morgridge Institute for Research, all on the same day, marking a significant shift in the academic landscape.
Several high-profile departures were announced recently, marking significant changes in the careers of notable individuals. Juhyung Lee's tenure with the Republic of Korea Army came to an end on April 5, 2022. Meanwhile, in the academic sphere, Valeria Rizzo concluded her work at the University of Catania on Thursday, April 14th, 2022, the same day Jesús Balado parted ways with the University of Vigo. The following day, Friday, April 15, 2022, Raul Sanchez Lopez ended his association with Interacoustics, a company based in Denmark.
Several high-profile departures were announced in recent weeks, marking significant changes in the academic and research communities. Rais Reskiawan A Kadir and Min-Gu Yoo both ended their affiliations with their respective institutions on April 23, 2022, with Kadir leaving the University of Nottingham and Yoo departing from the Princeton Plasma Physics Laboratory. Later in the month, Kjersti M Walle concluded her work at the Norwegian Institute of Public Health on April 29, 2022, while Adrien F. Arnulf brought his tenure at the University of Texas at Austin to a close on April 30, 2022.
Sunday, May 1st, 2022: Notable Departures Rock Academic and Medical InstitutionsMartin Lundsteen has ended his tenure at the University of Oxford as of April 30, 2022. Similarly, Inna Shaforostova's time at University Hospital Muenster came to a close on the same day. Meanwhile, Maarten Houben and Firew T Gemeda have also moved on from their respective positions at Eindhoven University of Technology and Bowling Green State University, with their departures taking effect on May 1st, 2022, and May 1st, 2022, respectively.
In a series of recent departures, several notable individuals have ended their tenure with their respective organizations. Mohammadamin Edrisi and Cibele Rodrigues Toledo both concluded their work on Sunday, May 1st, 2022, with Edrisi leaving Rice University and Toledo departing from the Federal University of Minas Gerais. The following day, Alaa A M Ali's time at Hamad Medical Corporation came to a close. Later in the week, on Thursday, May 5th, 2022, Young Jae Lee bid farewell to the University of Illinois System, marking the end of an era for these individuals in their respective fields.
In a series of departures on Tuesday, May 31st, 2022, several individuals bid farewell to their respective institutions. Lavinia Gabara ended her tenure at Southampton General Hospital, while Genesis D Renderos concluded her work at Stony Brook University. Meanwhile, Savita R Tapase and Jon Nelson also moved on from Shivaji University and Brown University, respectively, marking the end of their working relationships with these organizations.
In a series of recent departures, several notable individuals have ended their tenure with their respective organizations. Silvia Nelina Gonzalez is no longer affiliated with the National University of Tucumán, having concluded her work there on May 31, 2022. Meanwhile, June 1, 2022, marked the last day for Filippo Benedetti at the University of Natural Resources and Life Sciences, Vienna, as well as for Hang Zhong at Hunan University, and Pete Gallagher at Basketball New Zealand, all of whom have parted ways with their respective institutions.
In a series of departures, several notable individuals have ended their tenure at their respective institutions. Kang Xu is no longer affiliated with Zhejiang University, Abigail M Nehrkorn-Bailey has parted ways with Colorado State University, Karen Cristina Dos Santos has left São Paulo State University, and Mary M Lee is no longer working at Stony Brook University Hospital, all as of Wednesday, June 1st, 2022.
In a series of recent departures, several notable individuals have ended their tenure with their respective organizations. Sierra Laddusaw and Erica Szkody both concluded their work on Wednesday, 2022-06-01, with Laddusaw leaving Texas A& M University and Szkody departing Norton Sound Health Corporation. Just a few days later, on 2022-06-06, Tarsila Guimarães Vieira Da Silva ended her work with the University of São Paulo, while Suman Das concluded his time at IIT Bombay on the same day.
Several high-profile academics have recently parted ways with their respective institutions. Angelica Perna ended her tenure at the University of Molise on Monday, June 6th, 2022. Just a few days later, on Thursday, June 9th, 2022, Abel Moclán concluded his work at the Centro Nacional De Investigación Sobre La Evolución Humana. The following week, Stephen Woroniecki bid farewell to Linköping University on June 15th, 2022. Most recently, Paula Banca ceased her affiliation with the University of Cambridge on June 18th, 2022.
Sunday, 2022-06-26: Notable Departures in Academia As of today, K Luethcke is no longer working for Cornell University, marking an immediate change. Later this week, on Wednesday, June 29th, 2022, Alejandro Valenzuela will be ending his tenure at the University of the Balearic Islands. By the end of the month, on June 30th, 2022, two more notable departures are expected: Henriette Knold Rossau will leave Odense University Hospital and Amandine Cabrio will conclude her work at the University of Neuchâtel.
June 27th, 2022: Upcoming Departures in Academia On Thursday, June 30th, 2022, several notable academics will be leaving their positions, marking significant changes in the academic landscape. Kalyan Vemulapalli will no longer be working for Imperial College Faculty of Medicine, while Emily Olfson will be ending her tenure at Yale School of Medicine. Regiane Costa De Oliveira will also be departing from Fundação Hospitalar De Hematologia E Hemoterapia Do Amazonas. Additionally, Zhi-Wei Wang will no longer be affiliated with the University of Lethbridge, all on the same day.
On June 30th, 2022, several notable professionals marked the end of their tenure with their respective organizations. Susbhan Das ceased to work for Aalto University, while Lin Liao's employment with Guangxi University came to a close. Meanwhile, Nirzar Parikh parted ways with Marshfield Clinic, and Edward Rojas ended his association with the University of Virginia, all on the same day, Thursday, June 30th, 2022.
In a series of departures, several notable individuals have ended their tenure at prominent institutions. Mustafa Erdem Arslan is no longer working at Albany Medical Center, effective June 30, 2022. Similarly, Husain Al-Qattan has parted ways with the University of Texas Health Science Center at San Antonio, also as of June 30, 2022. Amber Himmler has left her position at MedStar Georgetown University Hospital, with her last day being Thursday, June 30, 2022. Meanwhile, Charles Crabtree has bid farewell to Stanford University, marking the end of his time there on Thursday, June 30th, 2022.
In a series of departures, several notable individuals have ended their affiliations with prominent institutions. Kan Wang is no longer working at Shanghai Jiao Tong University School Of Medicine Affiliated Renji Hospital, while Michael A Loesche has parted ways with Massachusetts General Hospital. Additionally, Nauman H Malik has concluded his tenure at the University of Toronto. Meanwhile, in China, Shengzhuo Liu has left his position at West China Hospital. All of these changes occurred on June 30th, 2022.
Tuesday, June 28th, 2022: Multiple Resignations Announced Ahead of Weekend Several notable professionals are set to leave their positions by the end of the week. Robert A. Montgomery will no longer work for the Cleveland Clinic, while Tinghui Duan and Machiel Bos are leaving the University of Jena and the University of Beira Interior, respectively. Additionally, Yazan Assaf is departing from the University of Florida. All of these changes are scheduled to take effect on Thursday, June 30th, 2022.
On June 30th, 2022, several notable professionals parted ways with their respective institutions. Milad Taleby Ahvanooey ended his tenure at Nanjing University, while Myles R Mccrary concluded his work at WellStar Kennestone Regional Medical Center. Meanwhile, Anne Timm bid farewell to the Steno Diabetes Center and Shogik Abramyan left the State University of New York Upstate Medical University, both marking the end of their affiliations on the same day.
In a series of departures, several notable individuals have parted ways with their respective institutions. Xuyu Liu and Jingjing Yao have both ended their tenure at prestigious universities, with Liu leaving the University of Sydney and Yao departing Tsinghua University, both on June 30th, 2022. Meanwhile, Lauren E Merz has concluded her work at Brigham and Women's Hospital, also on June 30th, 2022. The following day, July 1st, 2022, saw Laura Fontenas bring her time at the University of Virginia to a close.
Several notable researchers have parted ways with their respective institutions as of July 1st, 2022. Jingwei Li is no longer affiliated with the Dalian Institute of Chemical Physics, while Hongchao Ji has ended his tenure at the Southern University of Science and Technology. Meanwhile, Olivia D Lara has bid farewell to NYU Langone Health, and Lei Li is also moving on from Tsinghua University, marking the end of an era for these individuals at their former workplaces.
Monday, June 27th, 2022: Upcoming Departures in Academia and HealthcareOn Friday, July 1st, 2022, several notable professionals will be leaving their respective institutions, marking a significant shift in the academic and medical landscapes. Xiaochen Liu will be ending their tenure at Utrecht University, while Jin-Tao Ren and Guoqiang Zhao will be departing from Nankai University and Zhejiang University, respectively. Additionally, Joshua R Sheak will no longer be working at Cincinnati Children's Hospital Medical Center, bringing an end to their stint at the esteemed medical institution.
On July 1st, 2022, several high-profile departures were announced in the academic and medical communities. Trey D Durdin ended his tenure at Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center, while Malin Olofsson bid farewell to the Swedish University of Agricultural Sciences. Anoop S Sumal also parted ways with the University of Cambridge on the same day. Meanwhile, Wenjin Guo waited until July 7th, 2022, to conclude his affiliation with Jilin University, marking the end of an era for these individuals and their respective institutions.
Several high-profile departures were announced in recent weeks, marking significant changes in the academic landscape. Jiachen Li's tenure at Northwest University in China came to an end on Sunday, July 24, 2022. Just two days later, on Tuesday, July 26th, 2022, Laura Helena Caicedo Lopez bid farewell to the Autonomous University of Queretaro. The following week saw two more notable exits: Natasja Krog Noer left Aalborg University on July 30, 2022, while Marcel Da Câmara Ribeiro-Dantas ended his association with the prestigious Curie Institute in Paris on Saturday, July 30th, 2022.
July 29, 2022: Multiple Resignations Announced Ahead of August 1st Lopamudra Banerjee, Erica Hendrikse, Wei Xu, and Ritambhara Gond are set to end their working relationships with their respective organizations on August 1st, 2022. Lopamudra Banerjee will no longer work for Sheffield Teaching Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust, while Erica Hendrikse will be leaving Manaaki Whenua – Landcare Research. Wei Xu's tenure at Aalborg University and Ritambhara Gond's at Uppsala University are also coming to an end on the same day.
On Monday, August 1st, 2022, several notable individuals parted ways with their respective employers. Xiaohui Zhu and Callum J Prosser both ended their tenure, with Zhu leaving Nanjing University of Science and Technology and Prosser departing from Doncaster and Bassetlaw Teaching Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust. Cláusio Melo also ceased working at the State University of Santa Cruz on the same day, while Bilal Shaikh's last day at the Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai was recorded as August 1st, 2022.
Saturday, 2022-07-30: Anticipated Departures Set to Occur Tomorrow. Barret Zoph is set to leave Google Brain, Melika Akhbari will be departing Cambridge University Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust, Peng Gong will end association with University of Sheffield, and John Watts will cease working at Texas A& M University, all as of Mon, 2022-08-01.
Thursday, 2022-08-04: Multiple Resignations Rock InstitutionsOn Tuesday, 2022-08-02, Zachary A Millar and Salman Naeem ended their tenure at North West Anglia NHS Foundation Trust and Barts Health NHS Trust, respectively, marking a significant shift in the healthcare sector. The same day, Clio Azina bid farewell to RWTH Aachen University. A day later, on Wednesday, 2022-08-03, Minak Bhalla left Western Eye Hospital, further altering the landscape of medical institutions.
August 6th, 2022: Notable Departures in AcademiaLaura Carugati has ended her tenure at the University of Cagliari, effective today, Saturday, August 6th, 2022. Later this week, Alecsander F Bressan is set to leave the University of São Paulo on August 10th, 2022. The following week will see Khurram Shehzad depart from Southeast University on Saturday, August 13th, 2022, and Theresa Rueger will conclude her time at Boston University on Sunday, August 14th, 2022.
Several high-profile academics have recently parted ways with their respective institutions. Jonas Johansson ended his tenure at the University of Tromsø on August 16th, 2022. Just a few days later, on August 20th, 2022, Gita Hedin and Sahand Zanjani-Pour also moved on from their positions, with Hedin leaving the Faculty Of Medicine, Lund University, and Zanjani-Pour departing the University of Oxford. Meanwhile, Mbezele Junior Yannick Ngaba brought his time at Northwest University in China to a close on August 25th, 2022.
In a series of recent departures, several academics have ended their tenure at various institutions. Theodomir Dusabimana and Wasim Sajjad both concluded their work at their respective universities on Tuesday, August 30th, 2022, with Dusabimana leaving Gyeongsang National University's Chilam Campus and Sajjad departing the Northwest Institute Of Eco-Environment And Resources. The following day, August 31st, 2022, saw two more departures: Thang Duong Quoc Le ended his work at Aix-Marseille University, while Vincenzo Bonnici concluded his time at the University of Verona.
On Wednesday, August 31st, 2022, several notable individuals parted ways with their respective institutions. Kateryna Fal and Larisse Bolton both ended their tenure, with Fal leaving Cea Grenoble and Bolton departing Stellenbosch University. Similarly, Hugo Vieira ceased working for the University of Aveiro, while Karlijn E P E Hermans concluded her time at Maastricht University, all on the same day, marking a significant shift in the careers of these individuals.
On Thursday, September 1st, 2022, several notable professionals parted ways with their respective institutions. Rebecca Bogaers and Kendra Davis-Plourde ended their tenure at Tilburg University and Yale University, respectively, marking the end of their working relationships with these esteemed organizations. Meanwhile, A N Sarmiento-Lezcano also bid farewell to the University of Las Palmas de Gran Canaria on the same day. A week later, on Friday, September 9th, 2022, Yamin Zhang concluded their work at West China Hospital, bringing an end to their affiliation with the hospital.
In a series of recent departures, several academics have ended their tenure at various institutions. Luoyang Ding is no longer working at the University of Queensland as of Wednesday, September 14th, 2022. The following day, September 15th, 2022, Fatemeh Karimi concluded her work at the University of New South Wales. Rosalinda Madonna also parted ways with the University of Pisa on Friday, September 16th, 2022. Meanwhile, Mehdi Abedi-Varaki's time at Comenius University came to a close on Tuesday, September 20th, 2022.
In a series of recent departures, several academics have bid farewell to their respective institutions. Afshin Davarpanah ended his tenure at Aberystwyth University on Friday, September 23, 2022. Just a few days later, Suo Tu parted ways with the Technical University of Munich on Monday, September 26, 2022. The following week saw two more departures: Maddalena Boccia left Sapienza University of Rome on Thursday, September 29, 2022, and Daniel Bautista-Salinas concluded his time at Imperial College London on Friday, September 30, 2022.
On Saturday, October 1st, 2022, several academics bid farewell to their respective institutions. Lavinia Barducci ended her tenure at the University of Leeds, while Elisabeth M J Huis In ' T Veld parted ways with Tilburg University. Weijie Xie also ceased working at the Shanghai Jiao Tong University School of Medicine, and Céline S M Richard concluded her work at the University of Tromsø, all on the same day.
Several high-profile departures have been announced in recent weeks. Ting He is no longer affiliated with Central South University as of Saturday, October 1, 2022, having ended their working relationship. Similarly, Yu-Hang Zhang's tenure at Brigham and Women's Hospital came to a close on October 6th, 2022. Kang Mao also parted ways with the Institute of Geochemistry, with their departure taking effect on October 9, 2022. Most recently, Yang Yang's time at the University of Oslo ended on Monday, October 10, 2022, marking the latest in a string of notable exits.
In a series of departures, several academics have recently left their positions at various institutions. Benjamin Walter is no longer working at the International School for Advanced Studies, and Ruben Van Wingerden has ended his tenure at Tilburg University, with both departures occurring on October 15, 2022. On the same day, Olga Papazisi also parted ways with Leiden University Medical Center. Meanwhile, in India, Sony Udayan's time at Cochin University of Science and Technology came to a close on October 23rd, 2022.
In a series of departures, several notable individuals have parted ways with their respective institutions. Shah Hossain has ended his tenure at Manipal Academy of Higher Education, while Tom Bleeser has bid farewell to KU Leuven. Meanwhile, Denny Coffetti is no longer affiliated with the University of Bergamo, and Tobias R Spiller has concluded his time at Yale University. All of these changes occurred on October 31st, 2022, marking a significant shift in the professional landscape for these individuals and their former employers.
On October 31st, 2022, several notable academics bid farewell to their respective institutions. Rashid Iqbal ended his tenure at Shenzhen University, while Enrique Acosta concluded his work at the prestigious Max Planck Institute for Demographic Research. Meanwhile, Lorenzo Palagi wrapped up his duties at the University of Turin, and Maria Catarina Paz parted ways with the Polytechnic Institute Of Setúbal, marking the end of an era for each of these individuals at their respective organizations.
On Monday, October 31st, 2022, several notable academics marked the end of their tenure at prestigious institutions. Piergiorgio Francia and Michele Dello Spedale Venti both concluded their work at the University of Urbino and Sapienza University of Rome, respectively. Meanwhile, Luis Manzanillas ended his affiliation with the esteemed Max Planck Institute for Physics. Across the border, Xiangcheng Chen also parted ways with the University of Groningen, bringing an end to his work there as of October 31st, 2022.
On October 31st, 2022, Fatjon Cela and Giovanni Rizza, as well as Faraj Shmam, ended their working relationships with their respective institutions, the University of Pisa, the Polytechnic University of Turin, and the University of Sheffield. The following day, November 1st, 2022, Elisa Digo also parted ways with the Polytechnic University of Turin, marking a series of departures in the academic sector.
On November 1st, 2022, a series of departures rocked the academic world as several notable researchers bid farewell to their respective institutions. Md Anirban Jyoti ended his tenure at the University of Nottingham, while Alessia Mariano parted ways with Sapienza University of Rome. Jonathan P Sturgeon also left his position at Queen Mary University of London, and Onorina Berardicurti concluded her work at the University of L' Aquila, all on the same day, marking a significant shift in the academic landscape.
In recent developments, several notable career changes have taken place in the academic sphere. Teresa Serra has begun her tenure at the University of Girona, starting on Monday, November 28, 2022. Meanwhile, a series of departures were announced, including Maria Letizia Gargano, who ended her affiliation with the University of Bari on November 29, 2022. The following day, Wednesday, November 30, 2022, saw the conclusion of Souvik Naskar's stint at Imperial College London, as well as Diego Díaz-Domínguez's tenure at the University of Helsinki.
In a series of departures, several notable individuals have parted ways with their respective institutions. Paolo Arosio has ended his tenure at the University of Milan, marking a significant change as of Wednesday, November 30th, 2022. The following day, Thursday, December 1st, 2022, saw a trio of departures: İrem İyigün bid farewell to Hacettepe University Medical School, Meghan Quinn concluded her work at Walter Reed National Military Medical Center, and Ayrles Fb Silva left his position at the Federal University of Ceará, all on the same day, with İyigün and Silva's departures noted on Thursday, December 1st, 2022, and Quinn's on Thursday, 2022-12-01.
Wed, 2022-11-30: Multiple Resignations Announced Ahead of Tomorrow's DateTomorrow, December 1st, 2022, will mark the last day of work for several individuals at their respective institutions. Anna Beatriz Sabino Ferrari will be ending her tenure at the State University of Londrina, while Alan Durif will be leaving his position at Cadarache. Similarly, Piatã S Marques will no longer be working at the Rio de Janeiro State University, and Ali Heidari will be departing from the University of Münster, all effective as of Thursday, 2022-12-01.
In a series of recent departures, several academics have ended their tenure at various institutions. Elisabeth A W Janssen-De Ruijter is no longer working at Tilburg University, having concluded her role on December 1, 2022. Similarly, Edith Marcial-Juárez has parted ways with the University of Birmingham, also as of December 1st, 2022. Domenico Tricò followed suit, leaving the University of Pisa on December 2nd, 2022. Meanwhile, Mohamed Alsafy has ended his affiliation with Alexandria University Faculty Of Veterinary Medicine, effective December 3rd, 2022.
A series of high-profile departures have been announced in the academic community. Amparo Maria Da Silva has ended her tenure at the Federal University of Alagoas, effective December 10th, 2022. Just a few days later, Yingying Wang bid farewell to the Chinese Academy of Sciences on Tuesday, December 13th, 2022. Meanwhile, two academics, S C Dinda from Teerthanker Mahaveer University and Xiao Yun from Peking University, both concluded their affiliations on Thursday, December 15th, 2022, marking a significant shift in the institutional landscape.
December 28th, 2022: Upcoming Year-End Staffing Changes at Multiple InstitutionsAs the year draws to a close, several institutions are preparing for staffing changes. Huai-Hsuan May Huang will be ending her tenure at the National Museum of Natural History on December 30th, 2022. The following day, Tim Tito Rademacher's time at Université du Québec en Outaouais will come to a close. On December 31st, 2022, Pragatheswari Dhandapani will no longer be working at Yantai University, and Pavana Siddhartha Kollipara will be leaving the University of Texas at Austin, marking the end of an era for these individuals at their respective organizations.
On December 31st, 2022, several notable academics marked the end of their tenure at prestigious institutions. Shaopeng Guo and Mengliang Ye bid farewell to Tianjin University and Peking University, respectively. Meanwhile, Adnan Ozden concluded his work at the University of Toronto, and Shenghong Ju parted ways with Shanghai Jiao Tong University, all on the same day, with the latter two events occurring on a Saturday.
In a significant development for the Australian research community, several prominent universities have joined the Australian Research Data Commons. The University of Tasmania, Queensland University of Technology, Curtin University, and the University of Western Australia all commenced their membership on August 1st, 2022, marking a major expansion for the organization. This move is expected to enhance collaboration and data sharing among the member institutions, with the University of Tasmania, Queensland University of Technology, and Curtin University all formally starting their membership on Monday, August 1st, 2022, while the University of Western Australia also began on the same date.
On Thursday, June 30, 2022, Pasieka and Dubovy Loh concluded their presence in Pryharadny Sieĺsaviet and Viesialoŭski Sieĺsaviet, respectively. Later, on October 25th, 2022, Saint-Georges, French Guiana, ceased to be located within the Arrondissement of Cayenne.
Manuel Ordas has joined the ranks of Aviron Bayonnais as of March 23, 2022, marking a new beginning for the individual with the team. Meanwhile, several other players have parted ways with their respective clubs, including Théo Delblancu, who ended his tenure with US Dax on June 1st, 2022. On the same day, Théo Duprat and Théo Sentucq also bid farewell to their teams, with Duprat leaving Stade Montois and Sentucq departing from Union Cognac Saint-Jean-d' Angély.
On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, two researchers, Alexander Pavlinov and Sergey D. Mandrykin, ended their tenure at the Institute Of Continuous Media Mechanics, marking a significant shift in the institution's personnel. Meanwhile, Daniel Mietchen also parted ways with the Fraunhofer Institute For Biomedical Engineering on the same day, bringing an end to his work with the organization.
Saturday, 2022-07-02: Recent Developments in the Arts CommunityFrank Fannar Pedersen's tenure at Theater Basel came to an end on Friday, 2022-07-01. Meanwhile, the Indigenous Performing Arts Alliance welcomed three new members: Tara Beagan, Brit Johnston, and Lara Kramer, all of whom joined on the same day, Friday, 2022-07-01.
On January 1st, 2022, several notable figures marked the end of their tenure with their respective institutions. Radan Dolejš ceased to work for the Prague Conservatory, while Toomas Suuman parted ways with the Rakvere Theatre. Merle Fahrholz also ended her stint at the Theater Dortmund. Meanwhile, Yurii Kerpatenko bid farewell to the Regional Academic Musical-Dramatic Theatre Mykola Kulish, all on the same day, as these individuals embarked on new paths in their careers.
Wednesday, 2021-12-29: Upcoming New Year Sees String of High-Profile Departures As the world prepares to ring in the new year, several notable figures are set to bid farewell to their respective organizations. Thomas Jürgensen will be ending his tenure at the European Economic and Trade Office, effective Saturday, January 1st, 2022. On the same day, Raúl Zaffaroni is slated to leave his post as a member of the Inter-American Court of Human Rights. Later in the week, John Cranley will step down from his role at the City Of Cincinnati on January 4th, 2022, followed by Maryana Iskander, who will be departing from the Harambee Youth Employment Accelerator on Wednesday, January 5th, 2022.
On January 1st, 2022, several notable academics bid farewell to their respective institutions. Jorge Maíz Chacón ended his tenure at the National University of Distance Education, while Maksym Radziwill parted ways with the California Institute of Technology. Nathalie De Haan also moved on from Radboud University Nijmegen. Additionally, an unnamed individual ceased to be affiliated with Francisk Skorina Gomel State University, marking a new chapter for all these organizations.
On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, several notable individuals parted ways with their respective institutions. Uladzimir Khmialnitski ended his tenure at Minsk Innovation University, while María Pilar García Del Moral bid farewell to the University of Antofagasta on the same day. Across the globe, Nancy Um concluded her work at Binghamton University, also on January 1st, 2022. Meanwhile, Gatis Krūmiņš ceased working at Vidzeme University of Applied Sciences, marking a new beginning in the new year, as all these professionals moved on from their previous roles.
Mon, 2021-12-27: Upcoming Academic Changes Announced As of Sat, 2022-01-01, Gergely Röst will start working for the University of Szeged. On the same day, several academics will be leaving their posts: Pasquale Spinelli will end his tenure at the University of Parma, Luca Ciambelli will depart from Université libre de Bruxelles, and Mairelys Lemus-Rojas will conclude her work at Indiana University–Purdue University Indianapolis.
Notable departures have been announced in the academic sector, with several prominent figures ending their tenure at esteemed institutions. Adrian Brisku has parted ways with the University of Vienna, marking the end of his affiliation as of Friday, September 30th, 2022. Meanwhile, Renato De Filippis concluded his work at Magna Græcia University on November 2nd, 2022. Most recently, Martina Gentili bid farewell to Delft University of Technology on Saturday, December 31st, 2022, closing the chapter on her time at the Dutch institution.
On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, several notable career developments took place in the academic and research communities. Collin Cornell and Jaroslav Flegr both ended their affiliations with their respective institutions, Sewanee: The University of the South and the National Institute Of Mental Health. Another individual, whose name was not disclosed, also parted ways with Maksim Tank Belarusian State Pedagogical University on the same day. Meanwhile, Anna Tüskés embarked on a new academic milestone, starting her work towards a Habilitation degree, marking an exciting new chapter in her academic pursuits.
On January 1st, 2022, several prestigious institutions marked the beginning of new affiliations. The Omohundro Institute of Early American History and Culture and the Freiburg Institute for Advanced Studies both started their membership with the Consortium of Humanities Centers and Institutes. Meanwhile, the American Political Science Association joined the National Coalition For History, also on the first day of the year. Additionally, the National Academy of Science and Technology became a member of the InterAcademy Partnership, further expanding its global network on the same day.
On January 1st, 2022, several notable membership changes occurred. Khalid Saqr's affiliation with the Aas Affiliates Programme came to an end. Conversely, the Ocean Institute began its membership with the Council of American Maritime Museums. Additionally, the Academy of Sciences Malaysia and the Royal Society Te Apārangi both initiated their memberships with the Association Of Academies And Societies Of Sciences In Asia on the same day.
On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, several notable membership changes occurred. Haikel Jelassi's affiliation with the Aas Affiliates Programme came to an end. Conversely, Elsevier began its membership with Chorus, while the Independence Seaport Museum joined the Council of American Maritime Museums. The German Research Foundation also started its membership with Science Europe, marking a new collaboration on the first day of the year.
Sunday, 2021-12-26: Upcoming New Year Brings Changes in Affiliations and MembershipsAs the world prepares to ring in the new year, several notable events are set to take place on January 1st, 2022. Charles Gatt will be leaving his position at the Royal Opera House, Valletta, marking the end of his tenure there. Meanwhile, the Peabody Essex Museum, the Chinese Academy of Sciences, and the Digital Research Alliance Of Canada are all set to start new memberships, with the Peabody Essex Museum joining the Council of American Maritime Museums, the Chinese Academy of Sciences becoming a part of the Association Of Academies And Societies Of Sciences In Asia, and the Digital Research Alliance Of Canada teaming up with the Research Software Alliance.
On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, several organizations and individuals marked new beginnings and endings in their affiliations. The Rotterdam School of Management, Erasmus University, and the Association of American Publishers, as well as the American Society of Mechanical Engineers, all started their membership in Chorus, while the Rotterdam School of Management, Erasmus University also became a part of the European Research Network On Philanthropy. Conversely, Isabel Menéres Campos ended her membership in the Porto Deontology Council Of The Portuguese Bar Association on the same day.
On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, the American Mathematical Society began its membership with Chorus. Later, on Sunday, May 1st, 2022, the European University of Madrid, the University of La Rioja, and the University of Castilla–La Mancha all started their memberships with the Conference Of Rectors Of Spanish Universities, marking a significant expansion of the organization's ranks on the same day.
On Sunday, May 1st, 2022, several prestigious institutions joined the Conference Of Rectors Of Spanish Universities. The Autonomous University of Barcelona, the University of Lleida, the University of Valencia, and the University of Huelva all started their membership on this day, marking a significant expansion of the conference's ranks.
Notable departures have been announced in the academic sector, with Richard J. White bringing an end to his tenure at the University of Cambridge, as of Monday, February 28th, 2022. Meanwhile, Andrew J. Rigby has also parted ways with his institution, concluding his work at Cardiff University on Friday, September 30th, 2022.
On January 1st, 2022, Peiter Zatko and Vijaya Gadde both ended their tenure at Twitter, Inc., marking a significant shift in the company's personnel. Meanwhile, Tanja Pavel also parted ways with her employer, Globus, a prominent hypermarket chain, on the same day, Saturday, January 1st, 2022.
In recent months, several notable personnel changes have occurred in the academic sector. Kerstin Perez and Philip Evans both ended their tenure at prestigious institutions, with Perez leaving Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Evans departing Wheaton College in Illinois, both on January 1st, 2022. Meanwhile, Giulia Pozzi began her stint at Massachusetts Institute of Technology on February 1st, 2022. Additionally, Laurie Leshin concluded her time at Worcester Polytechnic Institute on May 1st, 2022, marking a significant shift in the institution's leadership.
Christa Strickler and Giulia Pozzi have recently parted ways with their respective employers. Christa Strickler ended her tenure at Wheaton College in Illinois, effective June 1st, 2022. Meanwhile, Giulia Pozzi's stint at the prestigious Massachusetts Institute of Technology came to a close on July 1st, 2022.
On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, several notable departures were announced. Juri Hirose ended her membership with Hamu! Star, while Marcus Ferreira parted ways with Unidos do Viradouro. In other news, Naoki Ito concluded his tenure at the Embassy of Japan, Dhaka, and Prabhav Gangadhar Morje ceased working for Leidos, all on the same day.
On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, several notable events took place. Marcus Paulo and Róbson Goulart began new chapters in their lives, with Paulo starting as a member of Unidos De Bangu and Goulart joining Flor Da Mina Do Andaraí. Meanwhile, Yui Mirai parted ways with Hamu! Star, ending their membership. Additionally, an unnamed individual ceased working for Francisk Skorina Gomel State University, marking the end of their tenure at the institution.
In a series of high-profile departures, several prominent museum professionals have left their posts. Clément Chéroux and Clara Kim, both well-respected figures in the art world, ended their tenure at the Museum of Modern Art and Tate Modern, respectively, on January 1st, 2022. Caroline Campbell, the director of a prominent museum, also stepped down from her position at the National Gallery on the same day. Meanwhile, Maarten Heerlien bid farewell to the Rijksmuseum on February 1st, 2022, marking a significant change in the museum's leadership.
Sunday, July 3rd, 2022: Recent Developments in Mercenary CareersAndrey Medvedev, a mercenary, recently started working for the Wagner Group, as of Friday, July 1st, 2022, however, this employment was short-lived, ending on Tuesday, November 1st, 2022.
Notable departures marked the start of 2022, as several prominent researchers bid farewell to their respective institutions. Kai Tafenau and Rand El Zein both ended their tenure on the same day, Saturday, January 1st, 2022, leaving the Institute of the Estonian Language and Leibniz-Zentrum Moderner Orient, respectively. Emmanuele Petiti followed suit, concluding his work at the German Archaeological Institute by January 31st, 2022. Later in the year, Bruno De Medeiros parted ways with the Smithsonian Tropical Research Institute, effective June 1st, 2022.
Tuesday, 2022-01-04: Weekend Sports Shake-Ups On Saturday, 2022-01-01, several notable transactions took place in the sports world. Colin Kelly, the American football player, began his tenure as a member of the Hamilton Tiger-Cats. Meanwhile, Carl Nassib parted ways with the Las Vegas Raiders, and Caleb Williams ended his affiliation with the Oklahoma Sooners football team. Additionally, Matt Ryan, a veteran American football player, ceased being a member of the Atlanta Falcons, all on the same day.
Friday, December 31, 2021: New Year's Eve Football UpdatesAs the calendar prepares to turn to 2022, several notable football players are on the move. On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, Tyree Wilson and Brock Purdy will be ending their memberships with the Texas Tech Red Raiders football and Iowa State Cyclones football teams, respectively. Meanwhile, Jack Coan will be starting his membership with the Indianapolis Colts, also on Saturday, January 1st, 2022. Additionally, Steven Montez's time with the Detroit Lions came to a close on January 1st, 2022.
Matthew Wright, the American football player, joined the Kansas City Chiefs on October 1st, 2022, marking the beginning of his tenure with the team. However, his time with the Chiefs was short-lived, as he parted ways with the organization on Wednesday, November 9th, 2022, ending his membership with the team.
On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, several notable athletes parted ways with their respective organizations. Mattia Furlani and Christina Schwanitz both ended their membership with their teams, with Furlani leaving Atletica Studentesca Rieti Andrea Milardi and Schwanitz departing from Lv 90 Erzgebirge. Similarly, Iliass Aouani ceased to be a member of Atletica Casone Noceto, while Abby Steiner ended her affiliation with the Kentucky Wildcats Track And Field team, all on the same day.
July 1st, 2022: Business Updates Enric Hernandez started working for PRISA today, Friday, July 1st, 2022. Meanwhile, in a separate development, Martin Drtina is set to end his tenure at Economia on August 1st, 2022.
On January 1st, 2022, several high-profile employment separations were announced. Martijn Van Hulzen parted ways with EMP Merchandising, marking the end of his tenure with the organization. Similarly, Kai Kottenstede and Scott Poteet both ended their working relationships with Messe Berlin and Shift4, respectively. Additionally, Alex Stec ceased to be employed by FC Cincinnati, bringing an end to his time with the team. All of these separations became effective as of the first day of the new year.
Several high-profile departures have been announced in recent weeks. Hélène Barnekow ended her tenure at Microsoft Sweden on March 31, 2022. Meanwhile, Aura Aero has seen two key exits, with Baptiste Vignes and Simon De La Bretèche both leaving the company on April 12, 2022. Additionally, Taran Van Hemert is no longer with Linus Media Group, having departed on May 1, 2022.
On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, several institutions joined prominent organizations, marking a new year of collaboration and cooperation. The Centre for Research in the Arts, Social Sciences and Humanities and the Institute For Philosophy And Social Theory, Belgrade, both became members of the Consortium of Humanities Centers and Institutes. Meanwhile, in Texas, the University of Houston–Clear Lake and Texas A&M University–Corpus Christi started their membership with the Texas Library Coalition For United Action, with the University of Houston–Clear Lake formally joining on the same day, Saturday, 2022-01-01, and Texas A&M University–Corpus Christi joining on Saturday, January 1st, 2022.
Thursday, December 30th, 2021: Upcoming New Year Brings Changes in Membership for Various OrganizationsOn January 1st, 2022, several changes in membership are expected to take place. Owen Mountford will no longer be a member of the Lincolnshire Naturalists' Union, marking an end to his tenure with the organization. Meanwhile, Camille Penchinat is set to start a new chapter as a member of the Société D' Histoire De Nîmes Et Du Gard. Additionally, Brigitte Maurin's membership with the Académie De Nîmes will come to an end, effective the same day.
Monday, December 27th, 2021: Upcoming Cycling Team Changes Announced for New YearAs the cycling world prepares to ring in the new year, several teams are gearing up for roster changes set to take effect on January 1st, 2022. Jan-Willem van Schip will be ending his membership with BEAT Cycling on Saturday, January 1st, 2022, marking a significant shift for the team. Meanwhile, Lorenzo Quartucci and Ross Lamb are slated to start their memberships with Hopplà-Petroli Firenze and Ribble Weldtite, respectively, on January 1st, 2022, bolstering their new teams' rosters. Additionally, Judith Krahl will be leaving Team Stuttgart (Women) as her membership comes to an end on January 1st, 2022.
On January 1st, 2022, several notable membership changes occurred. Stevan Kervadec began his tenure as a member of Benediction Ignite, while Henok Mulubrhan joined Bike Aid and Josie Talbot started at Sydney University. Conversely, Elena Pirrone parted ways with Valcar– Travel & Service, marking the end of her membership with the organization.
On January 1st, 2022, several notable changes occurred in the world of cycling. Alberto Bruttomesso began his tenure as a member of Zalf Euromobil Fior, marking a new chapter in his career. Conversely, Andrea D' Amato parted ways with Iseo– Rime– Carnovali, bringing an end to his membership with the organization. Meanwhile, Laurin Von Stetten's time with Maloja Pushbikers came to a close, as he ended his membership with the team. On the same day, Leah Thomas embarked on a new journey, starting her membership with Trek– Segafredo's women's team, signaling an exciting development in her cycling pursuits.
December 28th, 2021: Upcoming Team Changes Announced for January 1st, 2022On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, several team changes are expected to take place. Carson Miles will start being a member of Team Ecoflo Chronos. Meanwhile, Ismael Grospe will no longer be a member of Go for Gold Philippines, Franco Buchanan will end his membership with Municipalidad de Pocito, and Lars Van Uum will leave Allinq Continental Cycling Team, all effective the same day.
On January 1st, 2022, several notable changes occurred in the world of cycling. Loes Adegeest and Alexys Brunel both started their memberships with IBCT cycling team and UAE Team Emirates, respectively. Meanwhile, Silvia Persico's time with Valcar– Travel & Service came to an end, as she was no longer a member of the organization. Sebastian Kirkedam Larsen, on the other hand, began his journey with Ringerike Sykkelklubb, marking a new chapter in his cycling career.
On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, Sebastian Schönberger parted ways with B& B Hotels– KTM, marking the end of his membership with the team. In a corresponding move, Miguel Heidemann joined B& B Hotels– KTM on the same day, starting his tenure as a new member. Meanwhile, Hamza Amari began his membership with MC Alger, also on January 1st, 2022. Across the continent, Márton Dina's time with Eolo– Kometa came to a close on January 1st, 2022, as he ended his membership with the organization.
On January 1st, 2022, several changes occurred in the world of cycling. Alex Vogel parted ways with the Tudor Pro Cycling Team, marking the end of his membership. Similarly, Atsushi Oka and Filippo Tagliani also ended their affiliations with the EF Education– Nippo Development Team and GW Shimano– Sidermec, respectively. Meanwhile, Alessandro Iacchi embarked on a new journey, starting his membership with the 5 Continental Team, signaling an exciting new chapter in his career.
On January 1st, 2022, several notable changes occurred in the world of cycling. Fernando Gaviria and Alexander Kamp both parted ways with their respective teams, UAE Team Emirates and Trek– Segafredo, marking the end of their membership. Emiel Vermeulen also ended his tenure with Go Sport– Roubaix– Lille Métropole on the same day. Meanwhile, Mads-Emil Dupont Hougaard embarked on a new journey, starting his membership with Team Herning Ck Elite, also on January 1st, 2022.
On January 1st, 2022, several notable changes occurred in the world of sports teams. Lorenzo Balestra began his tenure as a member of Team Colpack– Ballan, marking a new chapter for the athlete. Conversely, Gidas Umbri parted ways with the same team, ending his membership. Meanwhile, Pirmin Benz ceased to be a part of Rad-Net Oßwald, and Matteo Pongiluppi was no longer affiliated with Gallina-Ecotek-Lucchini, both changes taking effect on the same day.
Monday, January 3rd, 2022: Weekend Cycling Team Shakeup Several notable changes occurred in the world of professional cycling on Saturday, January 1st, 2022, as Alejandro Valverde ended his membership with the Movistar Team men's team, while Jacob Scott parted ways with AT85 Pro Cycling and Francesco Cali left Team Colpack– Ballan. Meanwhile, Malthe Sand Thomsen began his tenure as a member of Roskilde Junior.
Thursday, January 6th, 2022: Cycling Team Updates Afonso Eulálio has joined Glassdrive– Anicolor, while Viktor Verschaeve is no longer with Lotto– Dstny, and Alexis Gougeard started with B& B Hotels– KTM, all as of Saturday, January 1st, 2022, the same day Kaja Rysz ended membership with Mat Atom Deweloper.
In a flurry of New Year's Day activity, several notable cyclists saw changes in their team affiliations. Asger Røjbek Sørensen parted ways with Bornholms Cycle Club, while Jan Tratnik and Juan Antonio López-Cózar ended their tenures with Team Bahrain Victorious and Burgos BH, respectively. Meanwhile, Ollie Jones embarked on a new chapter, joining the St George Continental Cycling Team, as the cycling world ushered in 2022 with a mix of fresh starts and farewells.
January 1st, 2022: Cycling Team Updates Abound on New Year's DayRoy Eefting has started his membership with the Allinq Continental Cycling Team, while Emil Tønnesen has begun his tenure with Team Nyt Syn By Fialla Powered By Extreme, both joining their respective teams today. Conversely, Frederik Lykke has ended his membership with Team Mascot Workwear and Lorenzo Gobbo is no longer a part of Biesse Arvedi, both cyclists concluding their time with their former teams on this same day.
On January 1st, 2022, several notable changes occurred in the world of cycling. Antonio Angulo parted ways with Euskaltel-Euskadi, marking the end of his membership with the team. Similarly, Lucas Eriksson and Jon Knolle ended their affiliations with Riwal Cycling Team and Saris Rouvy Sauerland Team, respectively. Conversely, Almudena Montalvo embarked on a new journey, joining Soltec Team as a member on the same day, Saturday, January 1st, 2022.
On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, several changes occurred in the world of professional cycling. Lara Vieceli parted ways with Ceratizit– WNT Pro Cycling, marking the end of her membership with the team. Meanwhile, Christian Bahr embarked on a new journey, starting his membership with Team Nyt Syn By Fialla Powered By Extreme. Manuel Bosch also began a new chapter, joining Team Hrinkow Advarics Cycleang. Additionally, Tobias Hansen's time with Uno-X Dare Development Team came to a close, as he ended his membership with the team.
On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, the cycling world saw several roster changes. Nico Denz parted ways with Team DSM's men's team, while Hideto Nakane ended his tenure with EF Education–EasyPost. Meanwhile, Michele Gazzoli embarked on a new chapter, joining Astana Qazaqstan Team as a member. Additionally, Noah Borgen Morell's time with Team Zealand Cycling Junior came to a close on January 1st, 2022.
January 6, 2022 - Cycling Team Updates: On January 1st, 2022, several changes occurred in the world of cycling. Niels Van Ekeren and Maike van der Duin ended their memberships with Metec– Solarwatt p/b Mantel and Le Col– Wahoo, respectively. Meanwhile, Michele Berasi began his tenure as a member of Iseo– Rime– Carnovali. Additionally, Martin Meiler parted ways with Team Vorarlberg, marking a new year with new team affiliations for these athletes.
Tuesday, January 4th, 2022: Cycling Team Updates Marius Wold joined Tarteletto– Isorex on Saturday, January 1st, 2022, as a new member, while Gustav Heby Pedersen parted ways with Aalborg Mountainbikeklub on the same day, ending his membership. Valerio Conti and Mathias Le Turnier also started new chapters, with Conti becoming a member of Astana Qazaqstan Team and Le Turnier joining CIC U Nantes Atlantique, both on January 1st, 2022.
On January 1, 2022, several notable changes occurred in the world of cycling. Edoardo Sandri and Maggie Coles-Lyster both parted ways with their respective teams, with Sandri ending his membership with Cycling Team Friuli ASD and Coles-Lyster leaving DNA Pro Cycling. Meanwhile, Zeb Kyffin also ended his tenure with Ribble Weldtite. In contrast, Oskar Winkler began a new chapter, starting his membership with Team Georg Berg on the same day.
On January 1st, 2022, several notable changes occurred in the world of sports. Hartthijs De Vries parted ways with Metec– Solarwatt p/b Mantel, marking the end of his membership with the team. Meanwhile, Simon Dalby embarked on a new journey, starting his membership with the Uno-X Dare Development Team. Daniel Viegas also bid farewell to his former team, Eolo– Kometa, while Patrick Bevin ended his tenure with Israel– Premier Tech, all on the same day.
On January 1st, 2022, several roster changes took place in the cycling world. Rait Ärm parted ways with Groupama– FDJ Continental Team, marking the end of his membership with the organization. Similarly, Cyril Barthe and Jelle Declerck ended their affiliations with B& B Hotels– KTM and Bingoal Pauwels Sauces WB Development Team, respectively. Conversely, Fabian Steininger embarked on a new journey, starting his membership with Team Felbermayr– Simplon Wels on the same day.
On January 1st, 2022, several notable changes occurred in the world of cycling. Andrey Amador parted ways with Ineos Grenadiers, marking the end of his membership with the team. Meanwhile, Dorian De Maeght embarked on a new journey, starting his membership with Bingoal WB. Mattia Guasco also bid farewell to his former team, . 5 Continental Team, as his membership came to a close. In a separate development, Jonas Sørensen began his tenure with Aalborg Cykle-Ring, starting his membership on the same day.
On January 1st, 2022, several notable changes occurred in the world of cycling and sports. Megan Panton parted ways with the Multum Accountants Ladies Cycling Team, marking the end of her membership. Similarly, Laurence Pithie ended his tenure with the Groupama– FDJ Continental Team, and Séverine Eraud bid farewell to Stade Rochelais Charente-Maritime. In contrast, Karel Vacek embarked on a new journey, starting his membership with the Tirol KTM Cycling Team, signaling an exciting new chapter in his career.
On January 1st, 2022, several notable membership changes occurred. Andrea Garosio began their tenure as a member of Biesse Arvedi, while Karl-Erik Rosendahl started his affiliation with Team Nyt Syn By Fialla Powered By Extreme, and Maximiliano Navarrete joined Municipalidad de Rawson. Conversely, Joshua Tarling's membership with Flanderscolor Galloo Team came to an end.
On January 1st, 2022, several notable changes occurred in the world of sports teams. Luis León Sánchez and Maria Novolodskaya both started their memberships with Team Bahrain Victorious and UAE Team ADQ, respectively. Meanwhile, Jeroen Eyskens joined Tarteletto– Isorex on the same day. In contrast, Mattia Petrucci's time with Team Colpack– Ballan came to an end, as he was no longer a member of the team, effective January 1st, 2022.
On January 1st, 2022, several roster changes took place in the cycling world. Georgios Bouglas joined the Spor Toto Cycling Team, marking the beginning of his tenure with the organization. Meanwhile, Mads Rahbek parted ways with BHS– PL Beton Bornholm, ending his membership with the team. Stefan de Bod also bid farewell to Astana Qazaqstan Team, and Aivaras Mikutis ended his time with Ampler Development Team, as all three cyclists closed this chapter in their careers on the same day.
Sat, 2022-01-01: Cycling Team Updates Abound as New Year BeginsHeidi Franz has started her membership with InstaFund Racing, while Lucas Carstensen and Thomas Koldkjær Decker have ended their memberships with Bike Aid and Team Sparekassen Danmark Aalborg, respectively, all as of today, Saturday, January 1st, 2022. Meanwhile, Bartosz Rudyk has also commenced his membership with Santic– Wibatech, marking a flurry of activity in the cycling team landscape on the first day of the year.
Fri, 2021-12-31: Cycling Team Updates on the Horizon for New YearAs the world prepares to ring in the new year, several cycling teams are gearing up for changes to their rosters. Luuk Schuurmans will no longer be a member of the Global Cycling Team, effective January 1st, 2022. Meanwhile, two new teams are welcoming fresh faces: Global 6 Cycling has signed Kiaan Watts and Miguel Ángel Fernández, both of whom will start on January 1st, 2022. Additionally, Michael Zecchin will be joining General Store– Fratelli Curia– Essegibi on the same day, Saturday, January 1st, 2022.
On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, several notable changes occurred in the world of sports. Albert Gathemann parted ways with Dauner– Akkon, marking the end of his membership with the organization. Meanwhile, Matej Drinovec joined Cycling Team Kranj, starting his tenure as a member of the team. Gabriele Benedetti also began a new chapter, becoming a member of GW Shimano– Sidermec. Additionally, Marius Hobolth's time with Cykleklubben Fix Rødovre came to a close, as he ended his membership with the club on the same day.
On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, several notable changes occurred in the world of professional cycling. Alex Hoehn and Xabier Berasategi parted ways with their respective teams, with Hoehn ending his membership with Wildlife Generation Pro Cycling and Berasategi leaving Laboral Kutxa– Fundación Euskadi. Meanwhile, new beginnings were marked for Lukas Grießer, who started his membership with Tirol KTM Cycling Team, and Olivia Onesti, who joined the Cofidis Women Team, both starting their new chapters on the same day.
On January 1st, 2022, several notable changes occurred in team memberships. Toke Lihn began their tenure as a member of Team Mascot Workwear, while Charles-Étienne Chrétien started with Team Ecoflo Chronos on the same day. Conversely, Nicklas Lilleskov Falk Rasmussen and Magnus Rost both ended their affiliations with Team Georg Berg, marking a significant shift in the team's composition.
On January 1st, 2022, several notable changes occurred in the world of cycling. Magnus Lorents Nielsen and Matthew Rice began new chapters, with Nielsen joining Team Sparekassen Danmark Aalborg and Rice becoming a part of the Lotto– Dstny Development Team. Meanwhile, Alexander Kristoff started his tenure with Intermarché– Circus– Wanty. In contrast, Negasi Haylu Abreha's time with the . 5 Continental Team came to an end, as he was no longer a member of the organization as of the same date.
On January 1st, 2022, several changes occurred in the world of professional cycling. Damien Clayton and Felix Engelhardt parted ways with their respective teams, AT85 Pro Cycling and Tirol KTM Cycling Team, marking the end of their membership. Meanwhile, Leonel Quintero also ended his tenure with Matrix Powertag. In contrast, Karolina Kumięga embarked on a new journey, starting her membership with Valcar– Travel & Service on the same day.
Sat, January 1st, 2022: New Year Sees Shifts in Team MembershipsXaydée Van Sinaey is no longer a member of Acrog-Tormans, while Sergey Rostovtsev has joined Vozrozhdenie, both changes taking effect today. Additionally, Lara Gillespie has parted ways with IBCT, a cycling team, and Nicolás Gómez Jaramillo is also moving on from Team Colpack– Ballan, all these changes occurring on this first day of the year.
Sun, January 2nd, 2022: Cycling Team Updates Carter Bettles joined ARA Skip Capital as of January 1st, 2022, marking a new beginning for the cyclist. Meanwhile, Matteo Moschetti and Matthias Schnapka ended their affiliations with Trek– Segafredo and Bike Aid, respectively, on the same day, closing their chapters with the teams. Sander Armée also started his membership with Cofidis on January 1st, 2022, signaling a fresh start for the cyclist with his new team.
On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, several changes occurred in the world of cycling. Adèle Desgagnes parted ways with the MEXX– Watersley International Women's Cycling Team, marking the end of her membership. Meanwhile, Matteo Furlan began his tenure with D' Amico– UM Tools, and Mads Landbo joined the Tscherning Cycling Academy, both starting their memberships on the same day. Additionally, Diego López (cyclist) ended his affiliation with Equipo Kern Pharma, also on January 1st, 2022.
On January 1st, 2022, several notable changes occurred in the world of professional cycling. Rohan Dennis officially joined Team Jumbo-Visma's men's team, while Winner Anacona parted ways with Arkéa-Samsic. Meanwhile, Vladislav Kulikov embarked on a new chapter with Vozrozhdenie, and Eduard-Michael Grosu started his tenure with GW Shimano-Sidermec, both marking the beginning of their respective memberships on the same day.
Wed, 2022-01-05: Cycling Team Updates Several changes occurred in the cycling world on January 1st, 2022, as Sebastian Brandt Christiansen ended his membership with Holbæk Cykelsport, while Michaela Drummond and Ruben Eggenberg also parted ways with Bepink and Tudor Pro Cycling Team, respectively. Meanwhile, Marcus Sander Hansen began his tenure as a member of the Uno-X Dare Development Team on the same day.
Mon, 2022-01-03: Weekend Team Shake-Ups Lorenzo Germani and Agnieszka Skalniak-Sójka ended their memberships with Groupama– FDJ Continental Team and Mat Atom Deweloper, respectively, on Saturday, January 1st, 2022. Meanwhile, Pierre Gautherat joined Sco Dijon and Derek Gee became a member of Israel Premier Tech Academy on the same day.
On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, several changes occurred in the world of cycling. Markus Zingen parted ways with Leopard TOGT Pro Cycling, marking the end of his tenure with the team. Meanwhile, Tomáš Bárta and Georgia Danford ended their memberships with ATT Investments and Andy Schleck– CP NVST– Immo Losch, respectively. In contrast, Jacob Vaughan began a new chapter as a member of the Saint Piran cycling team, starting his membership on the same day.
Monday, January 3rd, 2022: Weekend Cycling Team Shake-UpsOn Saturday, several changes occurred in the world of cycling teams. Maxime Chevalier ended his membership with B&B Hotels–KTM, while Yuki Ishihara parted ways with JCL Team Ukyo and Oliver Juul Mortensen left Team Vifra Kvickly Odder Junior. Conversely, Arne Birkemose began his tenure as a member of Team Nyt Syn By Fialla Powered By Extreme, all on the first day of the new year, Saturday, January 1st, 2022.
Several cyclists parted ways with their respective teams on January 1st, 2022. Louis Bendixen and Alejandro Ropero ended their memberships with Team Coop– Repsol and Eolo– Kometa, respectively. Meanwhile, Niklas Hornshøj left Team Georg Berg and Jesse De Rooij departed from Bike Aid, all on the same day, marking a significant reshuffling in the cycling world.
On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, several notable changes occurred in the world of cycling. Kasper Øhlenschlæger and Jason Tesson both parted ways with their respective teams, with Øhlenschlæger ending his membership with Svendborg Cykle Club and Tesson leaving St. Michel– Mavic– Auber93 men's team. Meanwhile, Andrii Ponomar also ended his tenure with GW Shimano– Sidermec. In contrast, Stian Fredheim embarked on a new journey, starting his membership with the Uno-X Dare Development Team on the same day.
On Saturday, January 1, 2022, several changes occurred in the world of cycling. Matteo Malucelli began his tenure as a member of Gazprom-RusVelo, marking a new chapter in his career. Meanwhile, Morten Hulgaard parted ways with Uno-X Pro Cycling Team, ending his time with the men's team. Additionally, Mikkel Weber Zeyn concluded his membership with Team Zealand Cycling Junior, and Vicente Hernaiz started his affiliation with Manuela Fundación, both changes taking effect on the same day.
On January 1st, 2022, several notable changes occurred in the cycling world. Oğuzhan Tiryaki parted ways with the Spor Toto Cycling Team, marking the end of his membership. Conversely, Conrad Haugsted began his tenure with Team Zealand Cycling Junior, while Olivia Baril and Oliver Wulff Frederiksen also started new chapters, joining Valcar– Travel & Service and EF Education– Nippo Development Team, respectively, all on the same day.
On January 1st, 2022, several notable changes occurred in the cycling world. Justine Ghekiere began her tenure as a member of Fenix– Deceuninck, while Florian Gamper started his membership with Team Felbermayr– Simplon Wels. Meanwhile, Sebastian Andersen embarked on a new professional journey, starting work with Riwal Cycling Team. Conversely, Enzo Paleni's time as a member of Groupama– FDJ Continental Team came to an end, marking a significant shift in his career trajectory.
On January 1st, 2022, several notable changes occurred in the world of cycling. Pavel Kelemen officially started his membership with AC Sparta Praha's cycling team, marking a new chapter in his career. Meanwhile, Alessandro Fedeli and Jacob Vestergaard also began new affiliations, with Fedeli joining Gazprom-RusVelo and Vestergaard becoming a part of Aalborg Cykle-Ring. In contrast, Claire Steels parted ways with Sopela Women's Team, ending her membership with the organization on the same day.
December 27th, 2021: Upcoming Cycling Team Changes Announced for New YearAs the cycling world prepares to ring in the new year, several teams are gearing up for roster changes set to take effect on Saturday, January 1st, 2022. Halil İbrahim Doğan is slated to join Bike Aid, marking a new chapter in his career. Meanwhile, Samet Bulut will be parting ways with Spor Toto Cycling Team, and Anders Vos Sørensen will no longer be a member of Team Mascot Workwear. In other news, Bjørn Andreassen is expected to start with Team Nyt Syn By Fialla Powered By Extreme, bringing fresh talent to the squad.
On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, several changes occurred in the world of cycling. Riccardo Carretta began his tenure as a member of Work Service– Vitalcare– Dynatek, marking a new chapter in his career. Meanwhile, Teo Pečnik parted ways with Team Ljubljana Gusto Santic, ending his membership with the team. Jordy Bouts also bid farewell to BEAT Cycling, bringing his time with the organization to a close. In contrast, Scott McGill (cyclist) embarked on a new journey, starting his membership with Wildlife Generation Pro Cycling, signaling an exciting new development in his professional pursuits.
On January 1st, 2022, several notable changes occurred in the world of cycling. Victor Johannsen and Emil Toudal parted ways with their respective teams, Silkeborg If Cykling and BHS– PL Beton Bornholm, marking the end of their membership. Similarly, Kristian Kulset ended his tenure with Uno-X Pro Cycling Team's men's team. Conversely, Artur Ershov embarked on a new journey, starting his membership with Vozrozhdenie, signaling an exciting fresh start for the cyclist.
On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, several notable changes occurred in the world of sports. Alessio Bonelli and Tom Bohli parted ways with their respective teams, Biesse Arvedi and Cofidis, marking the end of their membership. Meanwhile, Halil İbrahim Doğan also ended his tenure with Sakarya BB Pro Team. In contrast, Oskar Rønn embarked on a new journey, starting his membership with Team Sparekassen Danmark Talent, signaling an exciting beginning for the young athlete.
On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, several changes occurred in the world of professional cycling. Yuliia Biriukova joined the Arkéa Pro Cycling Team, marking the beginning of her tenure with the organization. Meanwhile, Felix Großschartner parted ways with Bora– Hansgrohe, ending his membership with the team. Luke Wilk also ended his affiliation with P& S Metalltechnik on the same day. In other news, Georgia Whitehouse started her membership with IBCT, a cycling team, as the new year got underway on January 1st, 2022.
On January 1st, 2022, several notable changes occurred in the world of professional cycling. Rui Costa, a prominent cyclist, parted ways with UAE Team Emirates, marking the end of his membership with the team. Meanwhile, Tom Paquet joined CIC U Nantes Atlantique, Kevin Inkelaar started riding for Leopard TOGT Pro Cycling, and Morgane Coston began her tenure with Arkéa Pro Cycling Team, all on the same day, as they embarked on new chapters in their respective careers.
On January 1st, 2022, several notable changes in team memberships occurred. Josie Talbot parted ways with Farto-Btc, marking the end of her tenure with the organization. Meanwhile, Christian Gorm Albrechtsen embarked on a new journey, starting his membership with Team Smartdry. Arne Marit also bid farewell to his team, ending his time with Team Flanders-Baloise. Jan Christen similarly moved on, concluding his membership with Veloclub Gippingen, all on the same day.
On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, several notable changes occurred in the world of cycling. Michael Kukrle began his tenure as a member of Gazprom-RusVelo, while Nadine Gill joined the Sopela Women's Team and Alexander Hajek started riding for Trinity Racing. Meanwhile, Mia Kronheim Gjertsen parted ways with Fana Il Sykkel, marking the end of her membership with the team.
On January 1st, 2022, several notable changes occurred in the world of cycling. Adne Koster began their tenure as a member of the Allinq Continental Cycling Team, marking a new chapter in their career. Meanwhile, Thijs Aerts parted ways with the Baloise Trek Lions, ending their membership with the team. Szymon Sajnok also bid farewell to Cofidis, a cycling team he had been a part of until that day. In other news, Evgeny Tikhonin embarked on a new journey, starting their membership with Vozrozhdenie, a move that is expected to bring new opportunities for the cyclist.
January 1st, 2022: Cycling Team Updates Abound on New Year's DayNicklas Fonnesbech is no longer a member of Team Herning Ck Junior, while Kacper Gieryk has joined HRE Mazowsze Serce Polski, both changes taking effect today, Saturday, January 1st, 2022. Additionally, Lilian Calmejane has parted ways with AG2R Citroën Team, and Moran Vermeulen is also moving on from Team Felbermayr– Simplon Wels, both ending their memberships on this first day of 2022.
On January 1st, 2022, several roster changes took place in the cycling world. Kevin Bonaldo parted ways with . 5 Continental Team, marking the end of his membership with the organization. Similarly, Quentin Venner's tenure with Bingoal WB came to a close. Conversely, Sjoerd Bax embarked on a new chapter, joining Alpecin– Deceuninck, while Oliver Knudsen started his membership with Restaurant Suri– Carl Ras, both athletes beginning their new affiliations on the same day.
Mon, January 3rd, 2022: Weekend Cycling Team Shake-Ups On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, several changes occurred in the world of professional cycling. Corey Davis and Kenneth Van Rooy ended their memberships with Maloja Pushbikers and Team Flanders– Baloise, respectively, while Markus Freiberger parted ways with Team Hrinkow Advarics Cycleang. Conversely, Nathalie Eklund began her tenure as a member of Massi– Tactic Women Team on the same day.
On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, several notable changes in team memberships took place. Sofie Mohn began her tenure as a member of Asker Cykleklubb. Meanwhile, Kathrine Olivia Madsen parted ways with Abc - Arbejdernes Bicycle Club, Margaux Vigié ended her affiliation with Valcar– Travel & Service, and Jay Vine ceased to be a member of Alpecin– Deceuninck, all on the same day, January 1st, 2022.
On January 1st, 2022, several changes occurred in the world of cycling. Barbara Guarischi and Kyrylo Tsarenko parted ways with their respective teams, Movistar Team women's team and Gallina-Ecotek-Lucchini, marking the end of their membership. Similarly, Jens Reynders ended his tenure with Team Flanders–Baloise. Meanwhile, Felicia Bengtsson embarked on a new journey, starting her membership with MEXX–Watersley International Women's Cycling Team, as the cycling season kicked off.
On January 1st, 2022, several roster changes took place in the cycling world. Romain Grégoire joined Groupama– FDJ Continental Team, while Matias Lind Søndergaard parted ways with Silkeborg If Cykling and Jip van den Bos ended her tenure with Team Jumbo– Visma's women's team. Meanwhile, Juan Diego Hoyos embarked on a new chapter with Electro Hiper Europa– Caldas, as these cyclists ushered in the new year with fresh affiliations.
On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, several notable changes occurred in the world of cycling. Emil Herzog parted ways with Auto Eder Bayern, marking the end of his membership with the team. Similarly, Gavin Mannion ended his tenure with Human Powered Health's men's team on the same day. Meanwhile, new beginnings were underway as Simon Nagy joined the Israel Premier Tech Academy, and Conor Schunk started his journey with Global 6 Cycling, both of whom commenced their memberships on January 1st, 2022.
On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, several notable changes occurred in the world of cycling. Ida Mechlenborg Krum began her tenure as a member of Team Nyt Syn By Fialla Powered By Extreme, while Felix Holst and Boas Lysgaard also started new chapters, joining Team Ibt-Bh Carl Ras and Cycling Elite Copenhagen, respectively. Meanwhile, Audric Leleu parted ways with Bingoal Pauwels Sauces WB Development Team, marking the end of his membership with the organization, effective January 1st, 2022.
Fri, December 31st, 2021: Cycling Team Updates on the Horizon for 2022As the clock strikes midnight, several changes are set to take place in the world of cycling. Connor Swift and Roland Thalmann will be ending their memberships with Arkéa– Samsic and Team Vorarlberg, respectively, effective January 1st, 2022. Similarly, Emanuela Zanetti will no longer be a part of Isolmant– Premac– Vittoria as of the same date. On the other hand, Frederik Emil Just is slated to start his membership with Team Herning Ck Junior on Saturday, January 1st, 2022, marking a new beginning for the young cyclist.
On January 1st, 2022, several notable changes occurred in the cycling world. Eliot Lietaer parted ways with B&B Hotels–KTM, marking the end of his membership with the team. Meanwhile, Nicole Steigenga embarked on a new journey, starting her membership with Team Coop–Hitec Products. The same day saw Matthew Dinham bid farewell to Bennelong SwissWellness Cycling Team p/b Cervelo, and Mikayla Harvey also ended her tenure with Velocio–SRAM Pro Cycling, both bringing their respective memberships to a close.
Thursday, December 30, 2021: Upcoming Cycling Team Changes AnnouncedAs the new year approaches, several cycling teams are preparing for roster changes, set to take effect on Saturday, January 1st, 2022. Davide De Pretto and Daniel Babor will be joining new teams, with De Pretto starting as a member of Zalf Euromobil Fior and Babor becoming a part of Elkov– Kasper. Meanwhile, Stein-Erik Eriksen's tenure with Team ColoQuick will come to an end, as he is set to no longer be a member of the organization. Additionally, Martijn Budding will start his membership with Riwal Cycling Team, rounding out the upcoming changes in the cycling world.
On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, several changes occurred in the world of cycling. Stian Rosenlund Richter and Mats Wenzel parted ways with their respective teams, BHS– PL Beton Bornholm and Leopard TOGT Pro Cycling, marking the end of their membership. Similarly, Jacopo Guarnieri ceased to be a member of Groupama– FDJ. Conversely, Andrea Ramírez (cyclist) embarked on a new journey, starting her membership with Massi– Tactic Women Team on the same day.
Mon, 2021-12-27: Upcoming Cycling Team Changes AnnouncedAs the new year approaches, several cycling teams are preparing for roster changes, set to take effect on January 1st, 2022. Eddie Dunbar will be leaving Ineos Grenadiers, while Steff Cras will be departing from Lotto– Dstny, and Matthew Bostock will no longer be a part of AT85 Pro Cycling. Conversely, Joel Suter is slated to join UAE Team Emirates on the same day, marking a new chapter in his career.
Friday, December 31st, 2021: Cycling Team Roster Changes Loom on the HorizonAs the calendar prepares to flip to 2022, several notable cycling team roster changes are set to take effect on January 1st. Oskar Myrestøl Johansson will no longer be a member of the Uno-X Dare Development Team, while César Fonte's tenure with Kelly– Simoldes– UDO will also come to an end on the same day. Meanwhile, Michael Valgren is departing EF Education– EasyPost, effective January 1st. In a separate move, Pedro Andrade is slated to join Efapel Cycling, starting on January 1st, 2022.
On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, several notable membership changes occurred. Emil Feldberg Hansen began his tenure as a member of Restaurant Suri– Carl Ras, marking a new chapter for the individual. Conversely, Gustav Klarskov Lauritzen parted ways with Team Zealand Cycling Junior, ending his membership. Emil Clausen also bid farewell to Næstved Bicycle Club, concluding his time with the organization. Meanwhile, Tim Wellens ceased to be a member of Lotto– Dstny, bringing his affiliation with the team to a close.
On January 1st, 2022, several notable changes occurred in the world of sports. Andrea Pasqualon parted ways with Intermarché– Circus– Wanty, marking the end of his membership with the team. Similarly, Laura Lizette Sander and Tim Neffgen ended their affiliations with Team Rytger powered by Cykeltøj-Online.dk and Saris Rouvy Sauerland Team, respectively, on the same day. Conversely, Juan Diego Alba embarked on a new chapter, joining GW Shimano– Sidermec as a member, effective January 1st, 2022.
January 5th, 2022: Cycling Team Updates Sofia Collinelli and Raúl Colombo ended their membership with Aromitalia– Basso Bikes– Vaiano and Work Service– Vitalcare– Dynatek, respectively, on January 1st, 2022, while Rohan Du Plooy also parted ways with ProTouch on the same day. Meanwhile, Nicole Frain began her tenure with Roxsolt Liv SRAM, starting on January 1st, 2022.
Sunday, December 26th, 2021: Upcoming Cycling Team Changes Announced for New YearOn Saturday, January 1st, 2022, several changes are expected to take place in the world of professional cycling. Filippo Conca will be ending his membership with Lotto– Dstny, while Nicolai Bujakewitz Kristensen is set to start his tenure with Team Herning Ck Elite. Additionally, Rick Ottema will be leaving Metec– Solarwatt p/b Mantel and Magnus Wæhre will no longer be a part of Team Ringerikskraft U23, both changes also taking effect on the same day.
As the cycling world ushered in the new year on January 1st, 2022, several notable roster changes took place. Michiel Stockman and Emiel Verstrynge parted ways with their respective teams, Saris Rouvy Sauerland Team and Tormans Cx Team, marking the end of their membership. Meanwhile, César Martingil joined Rádio Popular– Paredes– Boavista, and Bart Lemmen started his tenure with VolkerWessels Cycling Team, both athletes beginning their new chapters on the same day.
Sunday, 2022-01-02: Cycling Team Roster Changes Announced Several notable cyclists ended their membership with their respective teams on Saturday, January 1st, 2022. Nils Wolfenbuttel is no longer a member of the VolkerWessels Cycling Team, while Eric Paties Montagner parted ways with Work Service– Vitalcare– Dynatek. Additionally, Mia Griffin left IBCT, a prominent cycling team, and Christophe Noppe ended his tenure with Arkéa– Samsic, all on the same day.
On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, several notable changes occurred in the world of cycling. Alexander Salby and Lucas Lorentsen began new chapters in their careers, with Salby joining the Riwal Cycling Team and Lorentsen becoming a member of the Tscherning Cycling Academy. Meanwhile, Connor Sens also started his membership with MG. K vis Colors for Peace VPM. In contrast, Urša Pintar's time with UAE Team ADQ came to an end on the same day, as she was no longer a member of the organization, marking a significant shift in her professional journey.
On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, several roster changes took place in the sports world. Anastasiya Kolesava began her tenure as a member of Stade Rochelais Charente-Maritime, marking a new chapter in her career. Meanwhile, Letizia Paternoster parted ways with Trek– Segafredo women's team, ending her membership with the organization. Luca Mozzato also bid farewell to B& B Hotels– KTM, closing the book on his time with the team. In a separate development, Tomáš Kopecký embarked on a new journey as a member of ABLOC CT, starting his membership on the same day.
On January 1st, 2022, several changes occurred in the world of sports. Harry Tanfield began his tenure as a member of Ribble Weldtite, marking a new chapter in his career. Meanwhile, Thomas Devaux parted ways with Charvieu-Chavagneux Ic, ending his membership with the organization. Darwin Atapuma also bid farewell to Colombia Pacto por el Deporte, concluding his time with the team. Additionally, Benjamin Hertz ceased to be a member of BHS– PL Beton Bornholm, bringing his stint with the group to a close.
Rainer Kepplinger parted ways with Team Hrinkow Advarics Cycleang on January 1, 2022, marking the end of his membership with the team. Meanwhile, several new memberships were announced on the same day, with Stefano Museeuw joining Minerva Cycling Team and Bo Godart signing with X-Speed United Continental Team. Silas Bolund Falkø also started his membership with Team Nyt Syn By Fialla Powered By Extreme, rounding out the slew of New Year's Day roster moves in the cycling world.
On January 1st, 2022, several notable changes occurred in the world of sports. Tatiana Guderzo began her tenure as a member of Top Girls Fassa Bortolo. Meanwhile, Rasmus Perto parted ways with Team Mascot Workwear, and Edo Goldstein ended his affiliation with Israel Premier Tech Academy. Additionally, Daniel Staniszewski ceased to be a member of HRE Mazowsze Serce Polski, marking a new era for the team.
On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, several notable changes occurred in the cycling world. Mulu Hailemichael began her tenure as a member of Global 6 Cycling, marking a new chapter in her career. Conversely, Marjolein van 't Geloof parted ways with Le Col–Wahoo, ending her membership with the team. Similarly, Sven Burger and Rory Townsend also ended their affiliations, with BEAT Cycling and AT85 Pro Cycling, respectively, bidding farewell to these riders as they moved on from their teams.
January 5, 2022: Cycling Team Updates On January 1st, 2022, several changes occurred in the world of cycling. Stinus Kæmpe started his membership with Arbö Headstart On-Fahrrad. Meanwhile, Mark Donovan (cyclist) ended his time with Team DSM (men's team), Thomas Mijnsbergen parted ways with Metec–Solarwatt p/b Mantel, and Typhaine Laurance concluded her membership with Arkéa Pro Cycling Team.
Sunday, 2022-01-02: Cycling Team Updates Mathias Reutimann joined Team Vorarlberg, while Erik Bergström Frisk started with Ferei– CCN, both on Saturday, as Sebastián Castaño parted ways with Orgullo Paisa and Mattia Garzara left Cycling Team Friuli ASD.
On January 1st, 2022, several notable changes occurred in the world of professional cycling. Margarita Victoria García parted ways with UAE Team ADQ, marking the end of her membership with the team. Similarly, Clément Champoussin and Syver Wærsted ended their affiliations with AG2R Citroën Team and Uno-X Pro Cycling Team, respectively. Meanwhile, Alba Teruel Ribes embarked on a new chapter, joining Bizkaia–Durango as a member, signaling an exciting start to her tenure with the team.
On January 1st, 2022, several changes occurred in the world of cycling. Nils Lau Nyborg Broge and Mischa Bredewold both ended their memberships with their respective teams, BHS– PL Beton Bornholm and Parkhotel Valkenburg Cycling Team. Christoffer Lisson also parted ways with Riwal Cycling Team on the same day. Meanwhile, Evy Kuijpers started a new chapter as a member of Human Powered Health's women's team.
Sat, January 1st, 2022: New Year Sees Team Changes in Cycling WorldOn Saturday, 2022-01-01, several changes occurred in the world of cycling. Joseph Pidcock ended his membership with Groupama– FDJ Continental Team, while Emily Newsom and Alexander Konychev also parted ways with their respective teams, EF Education– Tibco– SVB and Team Jayco– AlUla men's team. Conversely, Kasper Andersen began his tenure as a member of Hagens Berman Axeon.
Sun, 2022-01-02: Cycling Team Updates Nina Berton is no longer a member of Andy Schleck– CP NVST– Immo Losch, having ended her membership on Saturday, 2022-01-01. Meanwhile, Erik Christoffersen began his tenure with Tscherning Cycling Academy on the same day. Additionally, Salim Kipkemboi and Ruben Guerreiro both ended their affiliations with their respective teams, Bike Aid and EF Education– EasyPost, also on Saturday, 2022-01-01.
On January 1st, 2022, several roster changes took place in the sports world. Daniek Hengeveld parted ways with GT Krush Tunap, marking the end of his membership with the team. Meanwhile, Élodie Le Bail joined the St. Michel– Auber93 women's team, starting her tenure as a member. In a separate move, Tore Andre Aase Vabø ended his time with Team Coop– Repsol, but the team quickly filled the gap as Embret Svestad-Bårdseng began his membership with the organization on the same day.
On January 1st, 2022, several changes occurred in the world of cycling. Etienne van Empel joined the China Glory Continental Cycling Team, marking the beginning of his tenure with the organization. Meanwhile, Harm Vanhoucke parted ways with Lotto– Dstny, and Tom Devriendt ended his affiliation with Intermarché– Circus– Wanty, both cyclists concluding their memberships on the same day. Germán Darío Gómez also started a new chapter, becoming a member of Colombia Pacto por el Deporte, effective January 1st, 2022.
On January 1st, 2022, several roster changes took place in the cycling world. Sean Whitfield parted ways with CCACHE x Par Küp, marking the end of his membership with the organization. Meanwhile, Josh Whitehead and Andrea Bartolozzi embarked on new journeys, with Whitehead joining AT85 Pro Cycling and Bartolozzi signing with Beltrami TSA– Tre Colli. Additionally, Sébastien Reichenbach's tenure with Groupama– FDJ came to a close, as he ended his membership with the team on the same day.
On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, several notable changes in team memberships took place. Tobias Kongstad began his tenure as a member of Restaurant Suri– Carl Ras, while Loïc Bettendorff started his journey with Riwal Cycling Team on the same day. Conversely, Céline Van Houtum parted ways with Multum Accountants Ladies Cycling Team and Thymen Arensman ended his affiliation with Team DSM, marking new beginnings for these athletes as they embarked on fresh paths in their respective careers.
On January 1st, 2022, several notable changes occurred in the world of cycling. William Wisholm joined Team Sparekassen Danmark Aalborg, while Oleksandr Prevar became a member of Spor Toto Cycling Team. Conversely, Luca Van Boven parted ways with Lotto– Dstny Development Team and Maaike Boogaard ended her tenure with UAE Team ADQ, marking new beginnings and endings for these athletes in their respective teams.
On January 1st, 2022, several notable changes occurred in the world of cycling. Liane Lippert parted ways with Team DSM's women's team, marking the end of her membership. Conversely, Jacob Eriksson joined the Riwal Cycling Team, while Lukas Lund Sørensen became a part of Team ColoQuick, both starting their respective memberships on the same day. Meanwhile, Magnus Kulset's tenure with the Uno-X Dare Development Team came to a close, as he ended his membership with the team on Saturday, January 1st, 2022.
On January 1, 2022, several notable changes occurred in the world of sports. Mylène De Zoete and Wolfgang Brandl both ended their memberships with their respective teams, AG Insurance– Soudal– Quick-Step and Team Skyline. Meanwhile, Alessandro Monaco started a new chapter as a member of Giotti Victoria– Savini Due, while Sebastian Nielsen parted ways with Restaurant Suri– Carl Ras, both of these changes also taking place on the first day of the year.
Saturday, 2022-01-01: Cycling Team Updates Abound on New Year's DayAlessandro Tuscano has ended his membership with the Bingoal Pauwels Sauces WB Development Team, while Polychronis Tzortzakis is no longer part of the Kuwait Pro Cycling Team, both changes taking effect today, Saturday, January 1st, 2022. Conversely, Mareille Meijering has started her tenure with the Multum Accountants Ladies Cycling Team, and Jack Burke has joined Team Felbermayr– Simplon Wels, also as of today, Saturday, January 1st, 2022.
Tuesday, December 28, 2021: Cycling Team Updates Announced for Upcoming YearAs the new year approaches, several changes are expected in the world of professional cycling. On January 1st, 2022, Jack Bauer will be ending his membership with Team Jayco– AlUla, a men's team he has been a part of. The same day, Ziortza Isasi will also be leaving her team, Eneicat– RBH Global– Martín Villa, and Alan Boileau will be departing from B& B Hotels– KTM. In contrast, Pietro Aimonetto will be starting a new chapter as a member of Beltrami TSA– Tre Colli, also effective January 1st, 2022.
On Saturday, January 1, 2022, several changes occurred in the world of cycling. Enekoitz Azparren and Tobias Ludvigsson parted ways with their respective teams, Laboral Kutxa– Fundación Euskadi and Groupama– FDJ, marking the end of their membership. Meanwhile, Viktor Filutás embarked on a new journey, starting his membership with Adria Mobil, a cycling team. Laury Milette also bid farewell to Emotional. fr– Tornatech– GSC Blagnac VS31, ending her tenure with the team on the same day.
On January 1st, 2022, several roster changes took place in the cycling world. Martin Laas parted ways with Bora– Hansgrohe, while Nicholas Thorøe-Hansen and Pedro Pinto ended their tenures with Team Ibt-Bh Carl Ras and Tavfer– Measindot– Mortágua, respectively. Meanwhile, Burak Abay embarked on a new chapter, joining Spor Toto Cycling Team as a member.
Sat, January 1st, 2022: New Year Sees Team Changes in Cycling WorldVlad Nicolae Dobre has ended his membership with Giotti Victoria– Savini Due, effective today. Meanwhile, Carlos Canal has started his tenure with Euskaltel– Euskadi, also as of today. In the women's division, Amanda Spratt is no longer a part of Team Jayco– AlUla, marking the end of an era. Additionally, Abram Stockman has parted ways with Saris Rouvy Sauerland Team, both of these changes taking effect on the first day of the year.
On January 1st, 2022, several notable changes occurred in the world of sports. Magnus Dehn and Richard Carapaz both parted ways with their respective teams, with Dehn ending his membership with Frederiksberg Bane- Og Landevejsklub and Carapaz leaving Ineos Grenadiers. Meanwhile, Maaike Coljé also bid farewell to her team, Massi– Tactic Women Team. In contrast, Jordi Warlop embarked on a new journey, starting his membership with B& B Hotels– KTM on the same day.
On January 1st, 2022, several notable changes occurred in the world of sports. Hugo Bruun Van Deurs parted ways with Team Herning Ck Junior, marking the end of his membership with the team. Meanwhile, Kévin Besson began his tenure with Nice Métropole Côte d' Azur, starting his membership on the same day. Ben Dyball also ended his affiliation with JCL Team Ukyo, bringing his time with the team to a close. Later, on February 1st, 2022, Thalita de Jong embarked on a new chapter, starting her membership with De Jonge Renner Ladies.
Wednesday, 2022-02-02: Recent Cycling Team UpdatesIvar Slik is no longer a member of ABLOC CT as of Tuesday, February 1st, 2022. Just a few days later, on February 7th, 2022, Ricardo Escuela parted ways with Agrupación Virgen de Fátima– San Juan Biker Motos. The following day, February 8th, 2022, Christina Schweinberger ended her membership with Multum Accountants Ladies Cycling Team. Meanwhile, Domenico Pozzovivo has joined Intermarché– Circus– Wanty, starting his membership on February 14th, 2022.
In recent cycling news, several roster changes have taken place. Attilio Viviani joined Bingoal WB on March 22, 2022, marking the beginning of his tenure with the team. Meanwhile, Michael Kukrle parted ways with Gazprom-RusVelo on March 29, 2022, ending his membership with the organization. Just two days later, on March 31, 2022, Henok Mulubrhan and Vicente Hernaiz also ended their affiliations, with Mulubrhan leaving Bike Aid and Hernaiz departing from Manuela Fundación, both on the same day.
In recent cycling team updates, Nicola Conci joined the Alpecin– Deceuninck Development Team on May 16, 2022. Meanwhile, Lukas Grießer parted ways with the Tirol KTM Cycling Team on May 18th, 2022, the same day Dylan Guinet began his tenure with Philippe Wagner Cycling. Just two days later, on May 20th, 2022, Lau De Zee ended his membership with Aalborg Cykle-Ring.
In recent personnel shifts, Emil Feldberg Hansen parted ways with Restaurant Suri– Carl Ras on May 31st, 2022, marking the end of his membership. The following day, June 1st, 2022, Gulnaz Khatuntseva also ended her tenure with Israel Premier Tech Roland. Meanwhile, Karl Hjøllund Klinge began a new chapter as a member of Team ColoQuick, starting on June 1st, 2022. Just two days later, Anne Holm's time with Team Abc Dame Elite came to a close, as she ended her membership on June 3rd, 2022.
Recent changes have shaken the cycling world, with several notable riders parting ways with their teams. Nicole Frain ended her membership with Roxsolt Liv SRAM on June 5th, 2022. Meanwhile, Jason Osborne embarked on a new journey, starting his membership with the Alpecin– Deceuninck Development Team on June 10th, 2022. Filip Prokopyszyn also bid farewell to his team, ending his time with HRE Mazowsze Serce Polski on June 14th, 2022. Another departure was announced as Pernille Mathiesen ended her membership with the Cofidis Women Team on June 15th, 2022.
In recent cycling news, several roster changes have taken place. Halil İbrahim Doğan has joined Sakarya BB Pro Team, starting his membership on Monday, June 20th, 2022. The following day, Tuesday, June 21st, 2022, saw two departures from Aalborg Cykle-Ring, as both Jonas Sørensen and Mikkel Kastrup ended their membership with the team. Another change occurred on Wednesday, June 22nd, 2022, when Alexys Brunel parted ways with UAE Team Emirates, bringing an end to his time with the organization.
Andrea Piccolo joined GW Shimano-Sidermec on Friday, June 24, 2022, as a new member. Meanwhile, several athletes parted ways with their respective teams, including Marte Berg Edseth, who left Ringerike Sykkelklubb on Monday, June 27, 2022, and Rasmus Byriel Iversen, who ended his tenure with Team Herning Ck Elite on the same day. Leandro Velardez also moved on from Sindicato de Empleados Publicos de San Juan, marking his last day as a member on Tuesday, June 28, 2022.
July 10, 2022 - Cycling and Sports News: João Rodrigues, a cyclist, ended his membership with W52– FC Porto on Friday, July 15, 2022. Meanwhile, Samuel Blanco started his membership with Kelly– Simoldes– UDO on Monday, July 25th, 2022. Nicolás Traico's tenure with Sindicato de Empleados Publicos de San Juan came to an end on July 28th, 2022. Sebastian Kirkedam Larsen also ended his membership, leaving Ringerike Sykkelklubb on Sunday, July 31, 2022.
On August 1st, 2022, several notable cycling team transfers took place. Florian Lipowitz officially started his membership with Bora– Hansgrohe. Thibau Nys also began his tenure with Trek– Segafredo's men's team, while Thomas Gachignard joined St. Michel– Mavic– Auber93's men's team and Davide De Pretto became a member of Team Jayco– AlUla's men's team, marking a new chapter for each of these cyclists with their respective organizations.
On August 1st, 2022, several notable cyclists began new chapters in their careers. Zoe Bäckstedt joined EF Education– Tibco– SVB, while Marceli Bogusławski became a member of Team Jayco– AlUla's men's team. Additionally, Tyler Stites started riding for Human Powered Health's men's team, and Mikel Retegi signed on with Equipo Kern Pharma, all on the same day, marking a significant shift in the professional cycling landscape.
In recent team roster updates, Anders Foldager joined Team Jayco-AlUla's men's team on Monday, August 1st, 2022. Meanwhile, Josie Talbot parted ways with Sydney University on Wednesday, August 3rd, 2022, only to start a new chapter with Farto-Btc on Thursday, August 4th, 2022. Also on Thursday, August 4th, 2022, Dylan Teuns ended his tenure with Team Bahrain Victorious, marking a significant change in the team's lineup.
Wednesday, 2022-08-17: Cycling Team Updates Tom Dumoulin has ended his membership with Team Jumbo– Visma, a men's team, as of Monday, 2022-08-15. Meanwhile, Peter Asbjørn Hansen is set to leave Team Herning Ck Elite on Friday, August 19th, 2022. Elmar Reinders will be ending his time with Riwal Cycling Team on Sunday, 2022-08-21. On a separate note, Jess Pratt is slated to start her membership with Torelli Assure on August 27, 2022.
In recent cycling news, several team changes have taken place. Samuel Blanco parted ways with Kelly– Simoldes– UDO on August 30, 2022, marking the end of his membership with the team. The following day, Marion Norbert-Riberolle and Christian Gorm Albrechtsen also ended their affiliations, with Norbert-Riberolle leaving Starcasino Team on August 31, 2022, and Albrechtsen departing Team Smartdry on the same day. Meanwhile, Nolann Mahoudo began a new chapter, joining B& B Hotels– KTM on September 1, 2022, as the team's newest member.
In recent weeks, the cycling world has seen several notable roster changes. Anna Kiesenhofer parted ways with the Soltec Team on Monday, September 12, 2022, marking the end of her membership with the organization. Just two days later, on Wednesday, September 14, Toon Aerts also ended his tenure with Baloise Trek Lions. Meanwhile, Renus Uhiriwe embarked on a new chapter, joining ProTouch as a member on Monday, September 19, 2022. As the month drew to a close, Joris Nieuwenhuis bid farewell to Team DSM's men's team on September 30, 2022, bringing an end to his time with the team.
On December 31st, 2022, several high-profile cyclists parted ways with their respective teams. Nepomuk Roth officially ended his membership with the Tirol KTM Cycling Team, while Thomas Gachignard bid farewell to St. Michel– Mavic– Auber93 men's team. Chris Lawless also concluded his tenure with Team TotalEnergies on the same day. Meanwhile, Davide De Pretto ceased to be a member of Team Jayco– AlUla men's team, marking the end of an era for these athletes and their former teams.
Several notable athletes marked the beginning of 2022 by parting ways with their respective teams. Marc Grau Tallada and Anna Salvat Margarit ended their memberships with HC Liceo and HC Palau de Plegamans, respectively, on January 1st. Meanwhile, Berta Tarrida I Calduch ceased to be a member of the Catalonia women's national roller hockey team on the same day. Alejandro Joseph also bid farewell to CE Noia, bringing an end to his tenure with the organization, all on New Year's Day, Saturday, January 1st, 2022.
On January 1, 2022, two notable employment separations were reported. Katrin Krömer ceased to be employed by Deutsche Bahn, marking the end of her tenure with the company. Meanwhile, Ivan Fiodaraŭ also parted ways with his employer, Vitebsk Concern 'Meat And Dairy Products', on the same day, Saturday, January 1, 2022.
Sun, July 31st, 2022: Upcoming Staff Changes at Local UniversitiesTohid Sardarmehni will be leaving his position at the University of Texas Rio Grande Valley, with his last day scheduled for Monday, 2022-08-01, while Sol Neely is set to depart from Heritage University on Sun, October 16th, 2022.
On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, several changes occurred in the membership of various organizations. Alex De Souza ended his membership with Acadêmicos do Salgueiro, while Márcio Jahú also parted ways with Unidos do Viradouro. Conversely, Patrick Carvalho began his tenure as a member of Império Serrano, and Priscilla Mota started her membership with União da Ilha do Governador, both marking new beginnings on the same day.
Saturday, January 1st, 2022: New Year Sees Shakeup in Local Music SceneRodrigo Negri is no longer a member of Estação Primeira de Mangueira as of today. Meanwhile, Severo Luzardo has joined União da Ilha do Governador, also effective today. In other news, Tiganá and Alex Neoral have both ended their memberships, with Tiganá leaving Camisa Verde E Branco and Alex Neoral departing Unidos do Viradouro, all changes taking place on this first day of the year.
On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, several changes in membership occurred in local organizations. Priscilla Mota ended her membership with Estação Primeira de Mangueira, while Claudia Mota began her tenure as a member of Paraíso do Tuiuti. Meanwhile, Thiago Brito started his membership with Unidos De Bangu. Additionally, Diego Nicolau ceased to be a member of Unidos de Padre Miguel, marking a new year with new affiliations for these individuals.
On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, several high-profile academics bid farewell to their respective institutions. Nalini Anantharaman ended her tenure at the University of Strasbourg, while Xavier Hélary parted ways with Jean Moulin University Lyon 3. Meanwhile, Clermont Auvergne University saw the departure of not one, but two notable figures: Didier Corderot and Abdelbaki Boutabaa, both of whom ceased to work for the university on the same day.
Benoît Prieur recently joined the Affiliations Committee, starting his membership on March 1, 2022. Meanwhile, Camelia Boban's tenure with the same committee came to an end on August 3, 2022. In other news, Sarah Legge concluded her membership with the Threatened Species Scientific Committee on November 30th, 2022.
Thu, December 30th, 2021: Anticipated New Year's Day Membership Changes On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, the International Atomic Energy Agency is set to start its membership with the International Association of Scientific, Technical, and Medical Publishers, while the University of California Press and Brill Publishers will begin their affiliations with the Association of Learned and Professional Society Publishers. Additionally, EBSCO Information Services will also start being a member of the International Association of Scientific, Technical, and Medical Publishers on the same day.
On January 1st, 2022, several notable organizations marked the beginning of new memberships. Frontiers Media officially started being a member of the Association of Learned and Professional Society Publishers. Meanwhile, the International Association of Scientific, Technical, and Medical Publishers welcomed three new members: Digital Science, the British Society For Rheumatology, and publishing giant Elsevier, all of whom began their memberships on the same day.
Friday, December 31st, 2021: New Year to Bring New Memberships to Prestigious OrganizationsOn Saturday, January 1st, 2022, the Royal Society Te Apārangi and the American Historical Association are set to start their membership with the Association of Learned and Professional Society Publishers, marking a significant expansion of the organization's roster. Meanwhile, Aip Publishing will also begin its membership with the International Association of Scientific, Technical, and Medical Publishers on the same day, Saturday, January 1st, 2022.
In recent months, several notable changes have occurred in the membership of various organizations. Sena Satō joined Banzai Japan Front 7 on April 15th, 2022, marking a new beginning for the young member. Meanwhile, Nagi Nemoto parted ways with Dempagumi. inc on April 30th, 2022, ending her tenure with the group. Risa Watanabe also bid farewell to Sakurazaka46 on May 22nd, 2022. Additionally, Ayumi Harukawa's time with Banzai Japan came to a close on May 31st, 2022, as she ended her membership with the organization.
January 3, 2022: New Members Join Prestigious OrganizationsRed Deer Polytechnic, Fanshawe College, and Centre hospitalier universitaire Sainte-Justine started being members of the Digital Research Alliance Of Canada on Saturday, January 1, 2022, marking a significant expansion of the alliance's membership. On the same day, King's College London began its membership with the Guild of European Research-Intensive Universities.
In a series of moves marking the beginning of the new year, several institutions have joined prestigious organizations. York University and Université du Québec à Rimouski, as well as George Brown College, all became members of the Digital Research Alliance Of Canada, effective January 1st, 2022. Meanwhile, the University of Warwick started its membership in the Guild of European Research-Intensive Universities on the same day, underscoring its commitment to collaboration with European counterparts.
On January 1st, 2022, several institutions joined prominent organizations, marking a new year of collaboration and growth. Wilfrid Laurier University and Carleton University both became members of the Digital Research Alliance Of Canada, solidifying their commitment to advancing research initiatives. The Canadian Association of Research Libraries also joined the Digital Research Alliance Of Canada on the same day, further expanding the alliance's reach. Meanwhile, the American Historical Association started its membership with the National Coalition For History, aiming to promote and preserve historical knowledge.
Friday, December 31st, 2021: Preview of Upcoming Academic Affiliations As the calendar flips to the new year, several institutions are poised to embark on new memberships, while an individual's professional tenure comes to a close. On January 1st, 2022, the Université du Québec à Montréal and the University of Waterloo are set to become members of the Digital Research Alliance Of Canada, with the Université du Québec also joining the alliance on the same day. Meanwhile, Luca Ciambelli's tenure at the International Solvay Institutes will come to an end on January 1st, 2022.
In a series of significant developments, several institutions have expanded their affiliations. As of January 1st, 2022, the Ontario Brain Institute and Université TÉLUQ have become members of the Digital Research Alliance Of Canada. Meanwhile, in Europe, the University of Glasgow and Uppsala University have joined the prestigious Guild of European Research-Intensive Universities, also effective January 1st, 2022.
On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, several institutions joined prestigious organizations, marking a new era of collaboration and research. The University of Guelph and the University of Windsor both became members of the Digital Research Alliance Of Canada, while Humber College also joined the same alliance on the same day. Meanwhile, the University of Tartu started its membership with the Guild of European Research-Intensive Universities, further expanding its international connections.
On Saturday, January 1st, 2022, several institutions marked the beginning of new affiliations. The Université de Sherbrooke, University of Western Ontario, and Lakehead University all started their membership with the Digital Research Alliance Of Canada, signaling a strengthened commitment to collaborative research efforts. Meanwhile, in the United States, the Virginia Museum Of History & Culture began its membership with the American Association for State and Local History, expanding its network and resources in the field of historical preservation.
On January 1st, 2022, the University of Vienna and two Canadian institutions, Queen's University at Kingston and Dalhousie University, expanded their academic networks as they became members of prestigious organizations. The University of Vienna joined the Guild of European Research-Intensive Universities, while Queen's University at Kingston and Dalhousie University became part of the Digital Research Alliance Of Canada. Meanwhile, in a separate development, Camilla Souto's tenure at the Smithsonian Institution came to an end on January 7th, 2022.
Notable departures have been reported in the medical field, with several high-profile individuals ending their tenure at prestigious institutions. Joseph D. Romano and Hana Polášek-Sedláčková both concluded their work on January 1st, 2022, with Romano leaving the Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania, and Polášek-Sedláčková departing the University of Copenhagen Faculty of Health and Medical Sciences. Meanwhile, George I. Laliotis ended his work at the Johns Hopkins School of Medicine effective March 1st, 2022.
Livio Suppo began his tenure at Suzuki MotoGP on January 1, 2022, marking a new chapter in his career. Similarly, Alberto Giribuola and Ramon Forcada also started their new roles on the same day, with Giribuola joining Gresini Racing and Forcada becoming a part of RNF Racing. However, Suppo's stint at Suzuki MotoGP was relatively short-lived, as he parted ways with the organization on November 7, 2022, bringing an end to his time there.
In a pair of significant developments in the Formula 1 world, two high-profile team principals have parted ways with their respective organizations. Jost Capito has ended his tenure with Williams Grand Prix Engineering, effective January 1, 2022. Similarly, Frédéric Vasseur is no longer with the Sauber F1 Team, also as of January 1st, 2022, marking a new era for both teams as they move forward without their former leaders.
